privacy policy we believe that privacy is not for sale your data should belong to you. we never collect or sell any of your data. this privacy policy governs your use of the software application 1blocker application for io and macos that wa created by salavat khanov. summary the application doe not collect store or process any personal information. user provided information the application doe not offer a way to register or otherwise save personal information manually entered by the user. there are no application feature which require registration or any other personal user information input. automatically collected information in addition the application doe not collect any personal user information automatically. the application doe not contain analytics tracking code and doe not build a personal profile of the user. the application doe not track the site user visit. this application doe not collect information about the location of your mobile device. we store information about your custom rule and blocking preference to sync this information between your device. no third party see and or have access to any personal user information obtained by the application nor the site user visited. icloud this application store some of your data in apple s icloud service to enable sync feature between all device signed into your apple id. revenuecat this application us revenuecat a a back end service to verify app store receipt process in app purchase offer free trial for eligible user restore previous purchase check premium validity and sync premium purchase status between all device signed into your apple id. revenuecat doe not have access to any personal user information. opt out right you can stop all collection of information by the application easily by uninstalling the application. you may use the standard uninstall process a may be available a part of your device. security we are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. please be aware that although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we receive no security system can prevent all potential security breach. change this privacy policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. we will notify you of any change to our privacy policy by posting the new privacy policy on this page. you are advised to consult this privacy policy regularly for any change a continued use is deemed approval of all change. your consent by using the application you are consenting to our processing of your information a set forth in this privacy policy now and a amended by u. contact u if you have any question regarding privacy while using the application or have question about our practice please contact u via email at dev 1blocker com. last updated january 25 2022