privacy policywe use ezoic to provide personalization and analytic service on this website a such ezoic s privacy policy is in effect and can be reviewed here. your privacy is important to u it is 1 happy kiddoâ s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. this privacy policy applies to 1happykiddo com hereinafter â usâ â weâ or â 1happykiddo comâ. we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide u through the website. we have adopted this privacy policy â privacy policyâ to explain what information may be collected on our website how we use this information and under what circumstance we may disclose the information to third party. this privacy policy applies only to information we collect through the website and doe not apply to our collection of information from other source. this privacy policy together with the term of service posted on our website set forth the general rule and policy governing your use of our website. depending on your activity when visiting our website you may be required to agree to additional term of service. website visitor like most website operator 1 happy kiddo collect non personally identifying information of the sort that web browser and server typically make available such a the browser type language preference referring site and the date and time of each visitor request 1 happy kiddoâ s purpose in collecting non personally identifying information is to better understand how 1 happy kiddoâ s visitor use it website. from time to time 1 happy kiddo may release non personally identifying information in the aggregate e g by publishing a report on trend in the usage of it website. 1 happy kiddo also collect potentially personally identifying information like internet protocol ip address for logged in user and for user leaving comment on http 1happykiddo com blog post. 1 happy kiddo only discloses logged in user and commenter ip address under the same circumstance that it us and discloses personally identifying information a described below. gathering of personally identifying information certain visitor to 1 happy kiddoâ s website choose to interact with 1 happy kiddo in way that require 1 happy kiddo to gather personally identifying information. the amount and type of information that 1 happy kiddo gather depends on the nature of the interaction. for example we ask visitor who sign up for a blog at http 1happykiddo com to provide a username and email address. security the security of your personal information is important to u but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100 secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable mean to protect your personal information we cannot guarantee it absolute security. advertisement ad appearing on our website may be delivered to user by advertising partner who may set cooky. these cooky allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. this information allows ad network to among other thing deliver targeted advertisement that they believe will be of most interest to you. this privacy policy cover the use of cooky by 1 happy kiddo and doe not cover the use of cooky by any advertiser. link to external site our service may contain link to external site that are not operated by u. if you click on a third party link you will be directed to that third partyâ s site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy and term of service of every site you visit. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content privacy policy or practice of any third party site product or service. aggregated statistic 1 happy kiddo may collect statistic about the behavior of visitor to it website. 1 happy kiddo may display this information publicly or provide it to others. however 1 happy kiddo doe not disclose your personally identifying information. affiliate disclosure this site us affiliate link and doe earn a commission from certain link. this doe not affect your purchase or the price you may pay. cooky to enrich and perfect your online experience 1 happy kiddo us â cookiesâ similar technology and service provided by others to display personalized content appropriate advertising and store your preference on your computer. a cookie is a string of information that a website store on a visitorâ s computer and that the visitorâ s browser provides to the website each time the visitor return. 1 happy kiddo us cooky to help 1 happy kiddo identify and track visitor their usage of http 1happykiddo com and their website access preference. 1 happy kiddo visitor who do not wish to have cooky placed on their computer should set their browser to refuse cooky before using 1 happy kiddoâ s website with the drawback that certain feature of 1 happy kiddoâ s website may not function properly without the aid of cooky. by continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie setting you hereby acknowledge and agree to 1 happy kiddoâ s use of cooky. privacy policy change although most change are likely to be minor 1 happy kiddo may change it privacy policy from time to time and in 1 happy kiddoâ s sole discretion. 1 happy kiddo encourages visitor to frequently check this page for any change to it privacy policy. your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change