term of service welcome to 1happykiddo these term of service outline the rule and regulation for the use of 1happykiddoâ s website. by accessing this website we assume you accept these term of service in full. do not continue to use 1happykiddoâ s website if you do not accept all of the term of service stated on this page. the following terminology applies to these term of service privacy statement and disclaimer notice and any or all agreement â clientâ â youâ and â yourâ refers to you the person accessing this website and accepting the companyâ s term of service. â the companyâ â ourselvesâ â weâ â ourâ and â usâ refers to our company. â partyâ â partiesâ or â usâ refers to both the client and ourselves or either the client or ourselves. all term refer to the offer acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the client in the most appropriate manner whether by formal meeting of a fixed duration or any other mean for the express purpose of meeting the clientâ s need in respect of provision of the companyâ s stated service product in accordance with and subject to prevailing law of. any use of the above terminology or other word in the singular plural capitalization and or he she or they are taken a interchangeable and therefore a referring to same. cooky we employ the use of cooky. by using 1happykiddoâ s website you consent to the use of cooky in accordance with 1happykiddoâ s privacy policy. most modern day interactive website use cooky to enable u to retrieve user detail for each visit. cooky are used in some area of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. some of our affiliate advertising partner may also use cooky. license unless otherwise stated 1happykiddo and or it licensors own the intellectual property right for all material on 1happykiddo. all intellectual property right are reserved. you may view and or print page from 1happykiddo com for your own personal use subject to restriction set in these term of service. you must not republish material from 1happykiddo com sell rent or sub license material from 1happykiddo com reproduce duplicate or copy material from 1happykiddo com redistribute content from 1happykiddo unless content is specifically made for redistribution. user comment this agreement shall begin on the date hereof. certain part of this website offer the opportunity for user to post and exchange opinion information material and data â commentsâ in area of the website. 1happykiddo doe not screen edit publish or review comment prior to their appearance on the website and comment do not reflect the view or opinion of 1happykiddo it agent or affiliate. comment reflect the view and opinion of the person who post such view or opinion. to the extent permitted by applicable law 1happykiddo shall not be responsible or liable for the comment or for any loss cost liability damage or expense caused and or suffered a a result of any use of and or posting of and or appearance of the comment on this website. 1happykiddo reserve the right to monitor all comment and to remove any comment which it considers in it absolute discretion to be inappropriate offensive or otherwise in breach of these term of service. you warrant and represent that you are entitled to post the comment on our website and have all necessary license and consent to do so the comment do not infringe any intellectual property right including without limitation copyright patent or trademark or other proprietary right of any third party the comment do not contain any defamatory libelous offensive indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy the comment will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activity or unlawful activity. you hereby grant to 1happykiddo a non exclusive royalty free license to use reproduce edit and authorize others to use reproduce and edit any of your comment in any and all form format or medium. hyperlinking to our content the following organization may link to our website without prior written approval government agency search engine news organization online directory distributor when they list u in the directory may link to our website in the same manner a they hyperlink to the website of other listed business. and systemwide accredited business except soliciting non profit organization charity shopping mall and charity fundraising group which may not hyperlink to our. these organization may link to our home page to publication or to other information so long a the link a is not in any way misleading. b doe not falsely imply sponsorship endorsement or approval of the linking party and it product or service. and c fit within the context of the linking partyâ s site. we may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link request from the following type of organization commonly known consumer and or business information source such a chamber of commerce american automobile association aarp and consumer union dot com community site association or other group representing charity including charity giving site online directory distributor internet portal accounting law and consulting firm whose primary client are business. and educational institution and trade association. we will approve link request from these organization if we determine that a the link would not reflect unfavorably on u or our accredited business for example trade association or other organization representing inherently suspect type of business such a work at home opportunity shall not be allowed to link. b the organization doe not have an unsatisfactory record with u. c the benefit to u from the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of 1happykiddo. and d where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization. these organization may link to our home page to publication or to other website information so long a the link a is not in any way misleading. b doe not falsely imply sponsorship endorsement or approval of the linking party and it product or service. and c fit within the context of the linking partyâ s site. if you are among the organization listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website you must notify u by sending an e mail to admin 1happykiddo com. please include your name your organization name contact information such a a phone number and or e mail address a well a the url of your site a list of any url from which you intend to link to our website and a list of the url s on our site to which you would like to link. allow 2 3 week for a response. approved organization may hyperlink to our website a follows by use of our corporate name. or by use of the uniform resource locator web address being linked to. or by use of any other description of our or material being linked to that make sense within the context and format of content on the linking partyâ s site. no use of 1happykiddoâ s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement. iframes without prior approval and express written permission you may not create frame around our web page or use other technique that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our website. content liability we shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website. you agree to indemnify and defend u against all claim arising out of or based upon your website. no link s may appear on any page on your website or within any context containing content or material that may be interpreted a libelous obscene or criminal or which infringes otherwise violates or advocate the infringement or other violation of any third party right. reservation of right we reserve the right at any time and in it sole discretion to request that you remove all link or any particular link to our website. you agree to immediately remove all link to our website upon such request. we also reserve the right to amend these term of service and it linking policy at any time. by continuing to link to our website you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking term of service. removal of link from our website if you find any link on our website or any linked website objectionable for any reason you may contact u about this. we will consider request to remove link but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you. whilst we endeavor to ensure that the information on this website is correct we do not warrant it completeness or accuracy. nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date. disclaimer to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representation warranty and condition relating to our website and the use of this website including without limitation any warranty implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality fitness for purpose and or the use of reasonable care and skill. nothing in this disclaimer will limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation limit any of our or your liability in any way that is not permitted under applicable law. or exclude any of our or your liability that may not be excluded under applicable law. the limitation and exclusion of liability set out in this section and elsewhere in this disclaimer a are subject to the preceding paragraph. and b govern all liability arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer including liability arising in contract in tort including negligence and for breach of statutory duty. to the extent that the website and the information and service on the website are provided free of charge we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature