customer service support 1likenoother co uk account basket 0 0 item in in cart there are no item in your cart 0 item in cart there are no item in your cart search start typing amp. press enter to search clear result in shop shop about u shop stockist 1 like no other 1 like no other is a quintessential british menswear brand that wa born out of the city and bred to make individual stand out from the crowd. shop news contact search search signature shirt resort wear formal shirt accessory privacy policy 1 like no other is sensitive to privacy issue on the internet. we believe that it is important you know how we treat the information we receive about you on the internet and how the information is collected. in general you may visit the site without telling u who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about you. our server collect the ip address operating system in use e g macintosh window and browser e g netscape internet explorer. this information is aggregated to measure the number of visit average time spent on the site page viewed etc. 1 like other us this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. e mail address and other personally identifiable information such a first and last name telephone number and other similar information are known only when voluntarily provided by a visitor for registration or other participation of visitor in any available online interactive activity. storage of credit card detail for extra security we do not keep the detail of your credit card on our web site. when you place an order the detail are encrypted and then sent to a third party who will decrypt the detail check them with your bank and then send u the result of that check to process the order. use of your information we may use the personal information you provide for any of the following purpose 1 to understand the use of our site and make improvement. 2 to fulfill prize. 3 to respond to specific request from visitor. 4 to protect the security or integrity of our site when necessary. 5 to send you notice and solicitation regarding site and our business. and 6 in general to promote and market product to you. if you do not want to receive these solicitation from u using your personally identifiable information please notify u. this site may collect information on demographic and interest. visitor can opt out of google analytics for display advertising and customize google display network ad using the ad setting disclosure of your information we do not sell transfer or otherwise disclose this personally identifiable information outside this company except where disclosure is required by law. revision of privacy policy we may from time to time revise our privacy policy you are responsible for checking this policy when you visit our site to review the current policy. if you do not agree with the policy we recommend that you do not use the site any further. cooky a technology called cooky may be used to provide you with tailored information. a cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. you may be able to set your browser to block the use of cooky or notify yourself when you receive a cookie but the use of the site will be limited. our website us cooky for various purpose. cooky are small text parcel sent to and from a website which is then stored on your computer by your browser. without a cookie a website cannot distinguish between different user which can lead to essential functionality of a site not working a expected. this policy explains how cooky are used on our website and how you can control them. in this policy we u website refers to http www 1likenoother co uk how we use cooky we use cooky to define session provide essential site feature and track visitor anonymously for analytical purpose. we regularly carry out an audit of the cooky used on our website and have categorised them into the following essential cooky functional cooky third party cooky the below table highlight all of the cooky in use on this website. the duration specifies how long they live on your computer until they are removed or renewed. each type of cookie may occur multiple time each with different name s. we grouped these together for readability purpose. essential cooky these cooky are required by the website in order to work a expected. without them you may be unable to browse part of the website or view it at all. cookie name s duration description session asp net_sessionid session used to provide the user with a session authorisation aspxauth session authorises the user to have access to the member area basket cookie basketcookie 1 year this cookie is essetnial for u to load your basket with the product you are wanting to purchase. we save this cookie on your browser to allow you to continue shopping each day saving you the hassle of adding each item back into your basket. functional cooky these cooky are used by feature of our website to identify you and your preference a you use the site. it is possible to use the website without these though you may see a degraded experience. cookie name s duration description referrer customerrefid customerrefsiteid 2 year these cooky allows u to know where you came from across browser session so for example if you found u via google but purchased later in the week we still know how you originally found u. cookie annoucement evcshown 7 day this cookie tell u if you have seen the cookie announcement. it doe not store any personal data. third party cooky these cooky are used by selected third party we have chosen to integrate with. they are used mainly for tracking purpose so that we can further improve the site for the future. they may also be used for integrating with social site to further enhance your website experience. cookie name s duration description facebook datr locale csm lu p act c_user s x presence varies used by facebook for like button google analytics _utmz _utmc _utmb _utma varies used by google analytics for tracking purpose. you can opt out of these using the google analytics opt out browser add on. controlling the cooky by default all of the above cooky are in use on our website. however if you wish to take control of these cooky you can do so by following the instruction below for your browser internet explorer mobile chrome firefox safari blackberry android opera this will allow you to remove cooky or prevent using them altogether. remember turning off cooky in your browser will affect all website not just this one. if you later decide you d like to allow cooky then simply adjust your browser setting and continue using the website. cooky will then be sent to and from our website. e commerce technology by remarkable net contacting u you have a right to access the personal data that is held about you. please write to u at the following address to obtain a copy of the personal information enclosing your postal detail customer service roffe accessory shop signature shirt resort wear formal shirt accessory the brand about u here to help term amp. condition store locator delivery amp. return privacy policy contact connect facebook twitter instagram â 2017 1 like no other. al right reserved. register