term of use please read these term of use carefully by accessing or using this internet based platform you agree to be bound by the term described herein and all term incorporated by reference. if you do not agree to all of these term do not use this internet based platform. what is 1mg the domain name www 1mg com an internet based portal and 1mg a mobile application is owned and operated by 1mg technology private limited a company duly incorporated under the provision of the company act 2013 hereinafter referred to a â 1mgâ or â weâ or â ourâ or â usâ or â companyâ. the domain name and the mobile application are collectively referred to a the â websiteâ. your access or use of the website transaction on the website and use of service a defined herein below hosted or managed remotely through the website are governed by the following term and condition hereinafter referred to a the term of useâ including the applicable policy which are incorporated herein by way of reference. these term of use constitutes a legal and binding contract between you hereinafter referred to a â youâ or â yourâ or the â userâ on one part and 1mg on the other part. by accessing browsing or in any way transacting on the website or availing any service you signify your agreement to be bound by these term of use. further by impliedly or expressly accepting these term of use you also accept and agree to be bound by our policy including the privacy policy a set out in part b herein below and such other rule guideline policy term and condition a are relevant under the applicable law s in india and other jurisdiction for the purpose of accessing browsing or transacting on the website or availing any of the service and such rule guideline policy term and condition shall be deemed to be incorporated into and considered a part and parcel of these term of use. however if you navigate away from the website to a third party website you may be subject to alternative term and condition of use and privacy policy a may be specified on such website. in such event the term and condition of use and privacy policy applicable to that website will govern your use of that website. the website is a platform that facilitates i online purchase of pharmaceutical product sold by various third party pharmacy and manufacture â third party pharmaciesâ. ii diagnostic service being offered by various third party diagnostic center â third party labsâ. iii online medical consultancy service second opinion being offered by third party independent doctor â medical expertsâ. and iv online advertisement of various sponsor advertising and marketing their own good and service â third party advertisersâ and v diagnostic service being offered by the laboratory operated by the company â company labsâ. the third party pharmacy third party lab medical expert and the third party advertiser are collectively referred to a the â third party service providersâ. further the website also serf a an information platform providing health and wellness related information â information servicesâ to the user accessing the website the service of the third party service provider the diagnostic service offered by the company lab and the information service are collectively referred to a the â servicesâ. the arrangement between the third party service provider you and u shall be governed in accordance with these term of use. the service would be made available to such natural person who have agreed to use the website after obtaining due registration in accordance with the procedure a determined by u from time to time referred to a â youâ or â yourâ or â yourselfâ or â userâ which term shall also include natural person who are accessing the website merely a visitor. the service are offered to you through various mode which shall include issue of discount coupon and voucher that can be redeemed for various good service offered for sale by relevant third party service provider. to facilitate the relation between you and the third party service provider through the website 1mg shall send to you promotional content including but not limited to emailers notification and message. you agree and acknowledge that the website is a platform that you and third party service provider utilize to meet and interact with another for their transaction. 1mg is not and cannot be a party to or save a except a may be provided in these term of use control in any manner any transaction between you and the third party service provider. 1mg reserve the right to change or modify these term of use or any policy or guideline of the website including the privacy policy at any time and in it sole discretion. any change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting the revision on the website and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such change or modification. your continued use of the website will confirm your acceptance of such change or modification. therefore you should frequently review these term of use and applicable policy to understand the term and condition that apply to your use of the website. a a condition to your use of the website you must be 18 eighteen year of age or older to use or visit the website in any manner. by visiting the website or accepting these term of use you represent and warrant to 1mg that you are 18 eighteen year of age or older and that you have the right authority and capacity to use the website and agree to and abide by these term of use. these term of use is published in compliance of and is governed by the provision of indian law including but limited to the indian contract act 1872 â contract actâ the indian information technology act 2000 â it actâ and the rule regulation guideline and clarification framed thereunder including the indian information technology reasonable security practice and procedure and sensitive personal information rule 2011 and the indian information technology intermediary guideline rule 2011 â ig guidelinesâ the drug and cosmetic act 1940 â drug actâ read with the drug and cosmetic rule 1945 â drug rulesâ the drug and magic remedy objectionable advertisement act 1954 â drug and magic actâ the indian medical council act 1956 read with the indian medical council rule 1957 pharmacy act 1948 â pharmacy actâ and the consumer protection act 1986. 1mg authorizes you to view and access the content available on the website solely for the purpose of availing the service such a visiting using ordering receiving delivering and communicating only a per these term of use. the content on the website including information text graphic image logo button icon software code design and the collection arrangement and assembly of content contains third party service providersâ content â third party contentâ a well a in house content provided by 1mg including without limitation text copy audio video photograph illustration graphic and other visuals â 1mg contentâ collectively â contentâ. the 1mg content is the property of 1mg and is protected under copyright trademark and other applicable law s. you shall not modify the 1mg content or reproduce display publicly perform distribute or otherwise use the 1mg content in any way for any public or commercial purpose or for personal gain. compliance with these term of use would entitle you to a personal non exclusive non transferable limited privilege to access and transact on the website. these term of use constitute an electronic record in term of the it act and rule framed there under a applicable and amended from time to time. this electronic record is generated by a computer system and doe not require any physical or digital signature. eligibility for the purpose of availing the service and or transacting with the third party service provider through the website you are required to obtain registration in accordance with the procedure established by 1mg in this regard. a part of the registration process 1mg may collect the following personal information from you name user id email address address including country and zip postal code gender age phone number password chosen by the user valid financial account information. and other detail a you may volunteer. the registration on or use access of the website is only available to natural person other than those who are â incompetent to contractâ under the contract act. that is person including minor un discharged insolvent etc. are not eligible to register on or use access the website. by registering accessing or using the website you accept the term of these term of use and represent and warrant to 1mg that you are â competent to contractâ under the contract act and have the right authority and capacity to use the website and agree to and abide by these term of use. a registered id can only be utilized by the person whose detail have been provided and 1mg doe not permit multiple person to share a single log in registration id. however a registered user being also a parent or legal guardian of a person â incompetent to contractâ such a minor or person with unsound mind would be permitted to access and use the website for the purpose of procuring the service on behalf of such person. organization company and business may not become registered member on the website or use the website through individual member. you agree and acknowledge that you would i create only 1 one account. ii provide accurate truthful current and complete information when creating your account and in all your dealing through the website. iii maintain and promptly update your account information. iv maintain the security of your account by not sharing your password with others and restricting access to your account and your computer. v promptly notify 1mg if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breach relating to the website. and vi take responsibility for all the activity that occur under your account and accept all risk of unauthorized access. the website us temporary cooky to store certain data that is not sensitive personal data or information that is used by 1mg for the technical administration of the website research and development and for user administration. in the course of serving advertisement or optimizing service to you 1mg may allow authorized third party to place or recognize a unique cookie on the your browser. 1mg doe not store personally identifiable information in the cooky. 1mg at it sole discretion reserve the right to permanently or temporarily suspend user to bar their use and access of the website and app at any time while 1mg investigates complaint or alleged violation of these term of use or any service or for any other reason use of service and the website e commerce platform for pharmaceutical product â platform to facilitate transaction of business through the website 1mg facilitates the purchase of drug and other pharmaceutical product and service offered for sale by third party pharmacy â pharmaceutical good and servicesâ. you understand and agree that 1mg and the website merely provide hosting service to you and person browsing visiting the website. all item offered for sale on the website and the content made available by the third party pharmacy are third party user generated content and third party product. 1mg ha no control over such third party user generated content and pharmaceutical good and service and doe not originate or initiate the transmission or select the sender recipient of the transmission or the information contained in such transmission. the authenticity and genuineness of the pharmaceutical good and service made available by the third party pharmacy through the website shall be the sole responsibility of the third party pharmacy. you understand and agree that 1mg shall have no liability with respect to the authenticity of the pharmaceutical good and service being facilitated through the website. you understand and agree that all commercial contractual term with respect to the sale purchase delivery and consumption of the pharmaceutical good and service are offered by and agreed to between you and the third party pharmacy and the contract for purchase of any of the pharmaceutical good and service offered for sale on the website by the third party pharmacy shall strictly be a bipartite contract between the third party pharmacy and you. the commercial contractual term include without limitation price shipping cost payment method payment term date period and mode of delivery warranty related to pharmaceutical good and service offered for sale by the third party pharmacy and after sale service related to such pharmaceutical good and service. 1mg doe not have any control over and doe not determine or advise or in any way involve itself in the offering or acceptance of such commercial contractual term offered by and agreed to between you and the third party pharmacy. representation a to legal title 1mg doe not make any representation or warranty a to legal title of the pharmaceutical good and service offered for sale by the third party pharmacy on the website. at no time shall any right title claim or interest in the product sold through or displayed on the website vest with 1mg nor shall 1mg have any obligation or liability in respect of any transaction on the website. you agree and acknowledge that the ownership of the inventory of such pharmaceutical good and service shall always vest with the third party pharmacy who are advertising or offering them for sale on the website and are the ultimate seller. you agree and acknowledge that the third party pharmacy shall be solely responsible for any claim liability damage that may arise in the event it is discovered that such third party pharmacy do not have the sole and exclusive legal ownership over the pharmaceutical good and service that have been offered for sale on the website by such third party pharmacy or did not have the absolute right title and authority to deal in and offer for sale such pharmaceutical good and service on the website. non performance of contract you accept and acknowledge the following 1mg is not responsible for any unsatisfactory delayed non performance or breach of the contract entered into between you and the third party pharmacy for purchase and sale of good or service offered by such third party pharmacy on the website 1mg cannot and doe not guarantee that the concerned third party pharmacy will perform any transaction concluded on the website the third party pharmacy s are solely responsible for ensuring that the pharmaceutical good and service offered for sale on the website are kept in stock for successful fulfillment of order received. consequently 1mg is not responsible if the third party pharmacy s doe not satisfy the contract for sale of pharmaceutical good and service which are out of stock back ordered or otherwise unavailable but were shown a available on the website at the time of placement of order by you. and 1mg shall not and is not required to mediate or resolve any dispute or disagreement between you and third party pharmacy. in particular 1mg doe not implicitly or explicitly support or endorse the sale or purchase of any item or service on the website. exhibition of drug and publication of third party pharmacy content on the website you agree and acknowledge that the respective third party pharmacy are exhibiting third party content which includes catalogue of drug pharmaceutical product or service and information in relation to such drug pharmaceutical product or service on the website. the third party content available on the website including without limitation text copy audio video photograph illustration graphic and other visuals is for general information purpose only and doe not constitute either an advertisement promotion of any drug being offered for sale by the third party pharmacy on the website or any professional medical advice diagnosis treatment or recommendation of any kind. you acknowledge and agree that such third party pharmacy shall be solely responsible for ensuring that such third party content made available regarding the pharmaceutical good and service offered for sale on the website are not misleading and describe the actual condition of the pharmaceutical good and service. in this connection it is solely the responsibility of the concerned third party pharmacy s to ensure that all such information is accurate in all respect and there is no exaggeration or over emphasis on the specific of such pharmaceutical good and service so a to mislead the user in any manner. you acknowledge and understand that 1 mg provides no warranty or representation with respect to the authenticity veracity of the information provided on the website and you must run your own independent check. you agree and acknowledge that 1mg ha not played any role in the ascertainment of the actual impact effect of any pharmaceutical good and service being offered for sale by the third party pharmacy on the website. further it is hereby clarified that the third party pharmacy are offering the pharmaceutical good and service for sale to you and they are responsible for procuring the appropriate license for the same under the drug act read with the drug rule and the pharmacy act. you agree and acknowledge that you shall not hold 1mg responsible or liable for any damage arising out of such reliance on third party user generated content by you. prescription drug the website is a platform that can be used by the user to purchase various drug and pharmaceutical product that requires a valid medical prescription issued by a medical expert doctor to be provided to a registered pharmacist for the purpose of dispensing such medicine â prescription drugsâ offered for sale on the website by third party pharmacy. in order to purchase prescription drug from third party pharmacy through the website you are required to upload a scanned copy of the valid prescription on the website or email the same to 1mg. the order would not be processed and forwarded to the concerned third party pharmacy s by 1mg until it receives a copy of a valid prescription. third party pharmacy will verify the prescription forwarded by you and in case of third party pharmacy s observe any discrepancy in the prescription uploaded by you the third party pharmacy s will cancel the order immediately. you are also required to make the original prescription available at the time of receipt of delivery of prescription drug. you shall allow the delivery agent to stamp the original prescription at the time of medicine delivery failing which medicine will not be delivered. 1mg shall maintain a record of all the prescription uploaded by the user. substitution of prescribed drug you acknowledge and accept that the order for a substitute of a prescription drug would only be processed if the medical expert doctor ha himself herself permitted for any other equivalent generic drug to be dispensed in place of the prescription drug in the prescription or if the prescription solely list the salt name instead of a specific brand name. you further acknowledge and accept that in the absence of the above the concerned third party pharmacy would not dispense a substitute drug in place of the prescription drug. invitation to offer for sale notwithstanding anything else contained in any other part of these term of use the listing of drug and other pharmaceutical product on the website by the third party pharmacy is merely an â invitation to an offer for saleâ and not an â offer for saleâ. the placement of an order by you shall constitute an offer by you to enter into an agreement with the third party pharmacy â offerâ. post the offer from the third party pharmacy 1mg shall send an email to you with the information on the offer along with the detail of the concerned third party pharmacy s who may undertake the sale and such an email shall not be considered a an acceptance of the offer. the acceptance of the offer would only be undertaken by the third party pharmacy s after the validation verification of the prescription by such third party pharmacy in case of prescription drug and the ascertainment of the available stock in the relevant third party pharmacy s in the case of prescription a well a other drug pharmaceutical product by way of a confirmatory email to be sent to you. for the avoidance of any doubt it is hereby clarified that any reference of the term â offer offered for sale by the third party pharmacyâ a appearing in these term of use shall be construed solely a an â invitation to offer for saleâ by any such third party pharmacy. transfer of property and completion of sale upon acceptance of the offer by the concerned third party pharmacy being the brick and mortar pharmacy the pharmaceutical drug and service would be dispensed at the pharmacy in accordance with the term of the order placed by you. such dispensation shall also take place under the direct personal supervision of the pharmacist of the third party pharmacy wherever required under the applicable law s. you agree and acknowledge that the property and title in the pharmaceutical drug and service ordered by you shall stand immediately transferred to you upon the dispensation of pharmaceutical drug and service and the raising of the invoice at the concerned third party pharmacy. accordingly the sale of pharmaceutical drug and service is concluded at the concerned third party pharmacy itself. the invoice in relation to the pharmaceutical drug and service that are required to be delivered to you shall be issued by the concerned third party pharmacy being the brick and mortar pharmacy which is to process and satisfy the order for such pharmaceutical drug and service. delivery of drug you agree to appoint an individual who shall act in the capacity of your agent and collect the medicine a requested by you from third party pharmacy on your behalf user agent. you accept and acknowledge that the user agent shall be responsible to collect the medicine ordered by you from the third party pharmacy and to carry it to the address notified by you. you further agree and acknowledge that the user agent act a your agent for collecting the medicine from the third party pharmacy. the service are being undertaken by user agent with your consent and therefore the company is merely facilitating for you and user agent to connect. advertising guideline for the website â a part of the service provided by u. we facilitate and allow third party advertiser to place advertisement on the website. accordingly there are guideline a listed herein below which the third party advertiser have to follow for placing such advertisement the â advertising policyâ. for the user 1mg clearly distinguishes between the editorial content and content that is created or provided by one of our third party advertiser. the advertisement will be labeled a sponsored from our advertiser or advertisement. this content will not be reviewed by our in house editorial staff and shall not be subject to our editorial policy a set out herein below but shall be subject to the advertising policy these term of use except the editorial policy and the privacy policy. for the third party advertiser the third party advertiser must be honest about the product or service their advertisement promote. the advertisement shall not create unrealistic expectation and must not be misleading or offending. must be responsible and of the highest standard and without compromising the consumer protection. the advertising policy applies to all the advertisement listed or sought to be listed on the website. general rule all the advertisement must comply with the advertising policy the term of these term of use except the editorial policy and the privacy policy. 1mg may at any time and without having to serve any prior notice to the third party advertiser i upgrade update change modify or improve the website or a part thereof in a manner it may deem fit and ii change the content of the advertising policy and or these term of use and or the privacy policy. it is the responsibility of the third party advertiser in such case to review the term of the advertising policy and or these term of use and or the privacy policy from time to time. such change shall be made applicable when they are posted. 1mg may also alter or remove any content from the website without notice and without liability. the third party advertiser are also responsible for ensuring that their advertisement comply with all applicable law s in india and any other jurisdiction that such third party advertiser s are based out of industry code rule and regulation in each geographic area where the advertisement will run. all disclosure in the advertisement must be clear and conspicuous. review all the advertisement are subject to the review and approval of 1mg. 1mg reserve the right to reject or remove any advertisement in it sole discretion for any reason. further 1mg also reserve the right to request modification to any advertisement and to require factual substantiation for any claim made in an advertisement. prohibited content the advertisement must not infringe the intellectual property privacy publicity copyright or other legal right of any person or entity. the advertisement must not be false misleading fraudulent defamatory or deceptive. the following advertisement content is prohibited content that demeans degrades or show hate toward a particular race gender culture country belief or toward any member of a protected class content depicting nudity sexual behaviour or obscene gesture content depicting drug use content depicting excessive violence including the harming of animal shocking sensational or disrespectful content deceptive false or misleading content including deceptive claim offer or business practice content that directs user to phishing link malware or similarly harmful code or site. and content that deceives the user into providing personal information without their knowledge under false pretence or to company that resell trade or otherwise misuse that personal information. prohibited advertisement advertisement for the following product and service are prohibited adult product and service other than contraceptive. see below cigarette including e cigarette cigar smokeless tobacco and other tobacco product product or service that bypass copyright protection such a software or cable signal descramblers product or service principally dedicated to selling counterfeit good or engaging in copyright piracy get rich quick or pyramid scheme or offer or any other deceptive or fraudulent offer illegal or recreational drug or drug paraphernalia. counterfeit fake or bootleg product or replica or imitation of designer product firearm weapon ammunition or accessory advertisement that promote particular security or that provide or allege to provide insider tip any illegal conduct product or enterprise unapproved pharmaceutical and supplement prescription drug product that have been subject to any government or regulatory action or warning product with name that are confusingly similar to an unapproved pharmaceutical or supplement or controlled substance. and material that directly advertises product to or is intended to attract child under the age of 13 prohibited advertisement under the drug and magic act subject to the provision of the drug and magic act no person shall take any part in the publication of any advertisement referring to any drug which suggest or are calculated to lead to the use of that drug for â the procurement of miscarriage in woman or prevention of conception in woman. or the maintenance or improvement of the capacity of human being for sexual pleasure. or the correction of menstrual disorder in woman. or the diagnosis cure mitigation treatment or prevention of any disease disorder or condition specified in the schedule of the drug and magic act or any other disease disorder or condition by whatsoever name called which may be specified in the rule made under the drug and magic act. or provided that no such rule shall be made except â i in respect of any disease disorder or condition which requires timely treatment in consultation with a doctor or for which there are normally no accepted remedy. or prohibition of misleading advertisement relating to drug subject to the provision of the drug and magic act no person shall take any part in the publication of any advertisement relating to a drug if the advertisement contains any matter which directly or indirectly give a false impression regarding the true character of the drug. or make a false claim for the drug. or is otherwise false or misleading in any material particular. it is hereby clarified that that the third party advertiser will comply with all the provision of the drug and magic act and the rule made thereunder. further it is agreed that the third party advertiser shall be solely responsible for any penalty or any action taken by the governmental authority for non compliance with the drug and magic act and the rule made thereunder. restricted advertisement advertisement in the following category are restricted and require approval on a case by case basis advertisement that promote or reference alcohol. advertisement for online dating service advertisement for gambling and game of skill advertisement for lottery advertisement for financial service advertisement for contraceptive advertisement for online pharmacy or pharmaceutical. and political advertisement. testimonial amp. endorsement any testimonial and endorsement contained in advertisement must comply with all applicable law s industry code rule and regulation. for example a clear and conspicuous disclaimer is required if an endorser s result were atypical or if the endorser wa paid 1mg recognizes and maintains a distinct separation between advertising and sponsored content and editorial content. all advertising or sponsored content on the website of the company will be clearly and unambiguously identified. and a click on an advertisement may only link the user to the website of the third party advertiser s. editorial policy for the website â a part of the service 1mg provides 1mg content on the website targeted at general public for informational purpose only and doe not constitute professional medical advice diagnosis treatment or recommendation of any kind. 1mg content is subject to the following rule information 1mg content is original and is relevant to the general public. topic for 1mg content are selected by our board of qualified expert consisting of certified medical expert pharmacist and medical professional. topic for 1mg content are chosen on the basis of current health news drug alert new drug launch latest medical finding published in peer reviewed medical journal such a â the journal of the american medical associationâ â the new england journal of medicineâ â the lancetâ â pediatricsâ â diabetes careâ and many others editorial board a mentioned below take into account the latest trending health and wellness topic like dengue swine flu seasonal allergy new vaccine public awareness trend like breast cancer awareness month and â healthy heart monthâ. a well a emerging health and nutrition trend like health benefit quinoa use of bgr 34 for managing diabetes alternative medicine like ayurveda homeopathy and much more 1mg maintains principle of fairness accuracy objectivity and responsible independent reporting the member of 1mg ha to fully disclose any potential conflict of interest with any of the third party service provider 1mgâ s editorial staff hold the responsibility of providing objective accurate and balanced account of event and issue. and 1mgâ s editorial board constitutes of i dr varun gupta â mbbs md. ii dr khoobsurat najma mbbs and iii dr ila jain mbbs bm. diagnostics service â a a condition of your use of and access to the diagnostic service provided through the website and your acceptance of these term of use you are subject to the following rule guideline term for use of the diagnostic service 1mg provides service through the website a a marketplace and facilitates the user to avail diagnostic test package facility offered by third party lab through the website. 1mg is not and shall not be responsible for any sample collected test conducted and report generated by the third party lab and doe not deal with any of third party labsâ client or patient managed by third party lab through the website and only provides facilitation service to the user through the website. use of the website may require the third party lab to use software and the third party lab have to ensure the procurement of such software from the concerned provider. user and the third party lab agree to use the website and the material provided therein only for purpose that are permitted by a these term of use. and b any applicable law s regulation or generally accepted practice or guideline in the relevant jurisdiction. the third party lab may not access the service if the third party lab are 1mgâ s direct competitor except with 1mgâ s prior written consent. in addition the third party lab may not access the service for purpose of monitoring their availability performance or functionality or for any other benchmarking or competitive purpose. 1mg will provide to the third party lab basic support for the service at no additional charge and or upgraded support if purchased separately and will use commercially reasonable effort to make the service available 24 twenty four hour a day 7 seven day a week except for i planned downtime or ii any unavailability caused by circumstance beyond 1mgâ s reasonable control including without limitation force majeure event a defined herein below. 1mg will provide the service only in accordance with applicable law s and government regulation. the service may be subject to certain limitation such a limit on disk storage space on the number of call third party lab are permitted to make against 1mgâ s application programming interface and other limitation dependent on the third party lab plan for example number of sm or number of user. any such limitation are specified in the third party labsâ plan. the service provide real time information to enable third party lab to monitor such third party labsâ compliance with such limitation. notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein third party lab alone shall be liable for third party labsâ dealing and interaction with the user who avail the service of the third party lab or diagnostic centre contacted or managed through the website and 1mg shall have no liability or responsibility in this regard. 1mg doe not guarantee or make any representation with respect to the correctness completeness or accuracy of the information or detail provided by such user third party lab or any diagnostic centre or any third party through the website. the service should not be used for emergency appointment purpose. notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein third party lab alone shall be liable for dealing and interaction with user contacted or managed through the website and 1mg shall have no liability or responsibility in this regard. 1mg doe not guarantee or make any representation with respect to the correctness completeness or accuracy of the test conducted and report generated by the third party lab. 1mg may at it sole discretion suspend third party lab or user ability to use or access the website at any time while 1mg investigates complaint or alleged violation of these term of use or for any other reason. 1mg ha the right to edit profile of third party lab to make them more suitable for package search on the website. if third party lab and or user find any wrong information on the website in relation to such third party lab and or user they can correct it themselves or contact 1mg immediately for such correction. 1mg shall have no liability or responsibility in this regard. term for use of the online doctor consultancy service 1mg is an online health platform that provides a variety of online and online linked health product and service to the user for health related information and resource. whenever we use the word your physician or your doctor or healthcare provider or similar word on the website including in these term of use we mean your personal doctor with whom you have an actual mutually acknowledged doctor patient relationship. 1mgâ s medical expert are not your physician or healthcare provider. no doctor patient relationship 1mg doe not replace your relationship with physician or healthcare provider. the information interpreted should not be relied upon a a substitute for sound professional medical advice evaluation or care from your physician or other qualified healthcare provider. you acknowledge that the medical expert empaneled with u are independent contractor and thereby 1mg ha an independent contractor relationship with such medical expert and therefore in no event 1mg will be directly or vicariously liable for any advice or medical consultancy or any loss arising therefrom that the medical expert may provide to you or you may avail a part of the service. you acknowledge that the e prescription which may be issued by the medical expert s in certain event is not be a valid prescription under applicable law s of india and may not be used for dispensation of medicine by any pharmacist including the third party pharmacy. you further agree and acknowledge that if you request u to process the e prescription or any form of prescription whether original or scanned copy of the original prescription for facilitation of medicine order then we will only act a an aggregator and assume no responsibility and or liability in relation to the dispensation of the medicine which shall at all time be at your sole risk and the sole responsibility of the third party pharmacy supplying the medicine to you. you acknowledge that although some of the content text data graphic image information suggestion guidance and other material collectively â informationâ that is provided to you on the website including information provided in direct response to your question or posting may be provided by individual in the medical profession the provision of such information doe not create a doctor medical professional patient relationship but is provided to inform you on various medical condition medical diagnosis and treatment and it doe not constitute a direct medical diagnosis treatment or prescription. everything on the website should be used for information purpose only. 1mg is designed to support the health decision and choice that you make. these decision and choice are yours and we believe that you in connection with the advice you receive from your doctor or other professional healthcare provider are the best decision maker about your health. we cannot make decision for you. however what we can do is help you find good health information and connect with doctor for in person information. on 1mg you can ask and find informational question and related educational answer by medical expert. the website is not a place for the practice of medicine but medical expert on the website can be a resource for reliable relevant general health information. even if your real life doctor is on 1mg personal medical advice treatment or diagnosis are not permitted through the website and by using the website you agree not to solicit these or use any information a if it were personal advice treatment or diagnosis. whenever you want personal medical advice treatment or diagnosis you should contact your physician or professional healthcare provider and see them in person. we do not recommend or endorse any specific medical expert s test product procedure opinion or other information that may be mentioned on the website. reliance on any information provided on the website is solely at your own risk. in case of any medical emergency kindly contact your nearest doctor hospital or any related helpline. the service are not for use in medical emergency or for critical health situation requiring prompt medical attention. the service are not intended to be real time and may not be the best solution when a face to face consultation is a must and therefore we strongly discourage any delay in seeking advice from your doctor on account of something that you may have heard viewed on the website. you take full responsibility for ensuring that the information submitted is accurate and 1mg shall not make any effort to validate any information provided by you for using the service with respect to content correctness or usability. we with an intention to provide the best service possible could ask you to share more information a and when needed. the opinion statement answer and tele consultation collectively â consultationâ provided by the medical expert through the website are solely the individual and independent opinion and statement of such medical expert and do not reflect the opinion of 1mg it affiliate or any other organization or institution to which such medical expert or such specialist or professional is affiliated or provides service. 1mg doe not recommend or endorse any specific test physician product procedure opinion or other information that may be mentioned on the website or by a licensee of 1mg. the inclusion of professional specialist and or medical expert on the website or in any professional directory on the website doe not imply recommendation or endorsement of such specialist and or medical expert nor is such information intended a a tool for verifying the credential qualification or ability of any specialist and or medical expert contained therein. such information is provided on an â a isâ basis and 1mg disclaims all warranty either express or implied including but not limited to the implied warranty of merchantability and fitness for particular purpose. 1mg the owner and the employee staff of 1mg medical expert and third party professional who offer the service through the website accept no responsibility for any medical legal or financial event or outcome related to the service availed through the use of the website. 1mg make no warranty that the service will meet your requirement or that the service s will be uninterrupted timely secure or error free. this includes loss of data or any service interruption caused by 1mg employee. 1mg is not responsible for transmission error corruption of data. 1mg is for personal use and the service are for individual to use for supporting their personal health decision. you may use the website for personal but not for commercial purpose. the website may not be used for illegal purpose. the information and service may not be used for any illegal purpose. you may not access our network computer or the information and service in any manner that could damage disable overburden or impair them or interfere with any other person s use and enjoyment. you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any information or service other account computer system or network connected with the website the information or service. you may not use any automated mean such a a scraper to access the website the information or service for any purpose. such unauthorized access includes but is not limited to using another personâ s login credential to access his or her 1mg profile account. any attempt by any individual or entity to solicit login information of any other user or medical expert or to access any such account is an express and direct violation of these term of use and of applicable law s including relevant privacy and security law and law prohibiting unfair or unethical business practice. your right to use the service is not transferable. notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein you alone shall be liable for your dealing and interaction with patient or medical expert a the case may be contacted or managed through the website and 1mg shall have no liability or responsibility in this regard. 1mg doe not guarantee or make any representation with respect to the correctness completeness or accuracy of the information or detail provided by such client patient user medical expert or any third party through the website. the service should not be used for emergency appointment purpose. the exchange between the medical expert and the patient through the chat window or over telephone a the case maybe and the e prescription would be accessible to 1mg for the purpose of monitoring the quality of the consultation. 1mg may at it sole discretion suspend userâ s or medical expertâ s ability to use or access the website at any time while 1mg investigates complaint or alleged violation of these term of use or for any other reason. 1mg ha the right to edit profile of medical expert to make them more suitable for patient user search on the website. the service should not be depended upon and should not be treated a a replacement for obtaining consultation for disease a the consultation provided through the website is generic in the approach and shall not and cannot act a a substitute for physical consultation with a doctor. also the consultation provided through the website are not diagnostic in nature risk of using 1mgâ s service a with any medical procedure there are potential risk associated with using the service. by using the service you agree to abide by these term of use privacy policy and risk described below. these risk include but may not be limited to while the website is an honest attempt to provide access to the best possible medical information to the user the medical expert will not be examining you physically. the medical expert may not have access to all or some of your medical history that might be critical to consult you. the medical expert will not have the benefit of information that would be obtained by examining you in person observing your physical condition and by going through your medical record. this mean that the service provided is different from the diagnostic and treatment service typically decided by a physician. therefore the medical expert may not be aware of fact or information that would affect his or her opinion of your diagnosis. to reduce the risk of this limitation 1mg strongly encourages you to be in touch with an on ground physician and share the 1mgâ s opinion with him her. by requesting a medical opinion through the website you acknowledge and agree that the advice information opinion on diagnosis you may receive could be limited and provisional the medical opinion is not intended to replace a face to face visit with a physician and it doe replace an actual doctor patient relationship in case of a second opinion where there is a difference of opinion among our medical expert and your physician you would bear the responsibility to decide on online or offline consultation or procedure and or treatment. the medical expert is reliant on information provided by you and hence any information demonstrated to have been falsified misleading or incomplete will immediately render the opinion and all detail therein null and void in some case the medical expert may determine that the transmitted information is of inadequate quality and may ask for more information without which he she may refuse to answer the query in rare case the medical expert may feel that the query may not be answerable without physically examining the patient user and the consultation may be refused forthwith. in very rare instance security protocol could fail causing a breach of privacy of personal medical information. and delay in medical evaluation and answer could occur due to deficiency or failure of the service a per those mentioned in these term of use. other term your profile collection use storage and transfer of personal information your 1mg profile is created to store record of your consultation and your personal health information online including history health condition allergy and medication. any information provided a part of a web consultation or obtained from use of the service by you becomes part of your 1mg record. you agree to provide accurate information to help u serve you best to our knowledge to periodically review such information and to update such information a and when necessary. 1mg reserve the right to maintain delete or destroy all communication and material posted or uploaded to the website according to it internal record retention and or destruction policy. you might be contacted via email to review the information provided by you for 1mgâ s record or for the service. please make sure you provide a valid email id and you update it a and when needed. for additional information regarding use of information about you please refer to the privacy policy. the term â personal informationâ and â sensitive personal data or informationâ are defined under the information technology reasonable security practice and procedure and sensitive personal information rule 2011 the â spi rulesâ and are reproduced in the privacy policy. the privacy policy set out the type of information collected from user including sensitive personal data or information the purpose mean and mode of usage of such information. and how and to whom 1mg will disclose such information. the user are expected to read and understand the privacy policy so a to ensure that he or she ha the knowledge of the fact that the information is being collected. the purpose for which the information is being collected. the intended recipient of the information the name and address of the agency that is collecting the information and the agency that will retain the information. and the various right available to such user in respect of such information. 1mg shall not be responsible in any manner for the authenticity of the personal information or sensitive personal data or information supplied by the user to 1mg or any other person acting on behalf of 1mg. the use of the website involves every usersâ registration information and browsing history being stored and submitted to the appropriate authority. the consent and procedure for such collection and submission is provided in the privacy policy. the other information collected by 1mg from user a part of the registration process is described in the privacy policy. the consent and revocation procedure in relation to the same are set out in the privacy policy. the user are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the usersâ account access information and password. the user shall be responsible for all us of the usersâ account and password whether or not authorized by the user. the user shall immediately notify 1mg of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of the usersâ account or password. if a user provides any information that is untrue inaccurate not current or incomplete or becomes untrue inaccurate not current or incomplete or 1mg ha reasonable ground to suspect that such information is untrue inaccurate not current or incomplete 1mg shall have the right to suspend or terminate such account at it sole discretion. 1mg may disclose or transfer user information a defined in the privacy policy to it affiliate in other country and you hereby consent to such transfer. the spi rule only permit 1mg to transfer sensitive personal data or information including any information to any other body corporate or a person in india or located in any other country that ensures the same level of data protection that is adhered to by 1mg a provided for under the spi rule only if such transfer is necessary for the performance of the lawful contract between 1mg or any person on it behalf and the user or where the user ha consented to data transfer. by accepting these term of use and by registering on the website you consent to be contacted by u and by the third party service provider and you further consent to receive email and message sm notification and information at any time from u and from third party service provider. payment fee and tax registration on the website and the access to the information provided on the website is free. 1mg doe not charge any fee for accessing browsing and buying through the website. you agree to make all payment directly to the respective third party pharmacy for purchase of pharmaceutical good and service from such third party pharmacy. the third party pharmacy may choose to either personally collect such payment from you or may use the service of collection agent duly appointed in this regard. you agree and acknowledge that you shall not hold 1mg responsible for any loss or damage caused to you during the process due to any act or omission on the part of third party viz. the third party pharmacy or the collection agent or for any action omission which are beyond the control of 1mg. in relation to the diagnostic service being availed from the website third party lab agree to pay all package fee consulting fee and other fee applicable to the third party lab use of such service and the third party lab shall not circumvent the fee structure. the fee is dependent on the package that the third party lab purchase and not on actual usage of the service. in relation to the user using the diagnostic service the user agree to make all payment directly to the respective third party lab for use of the diagnostic service from the website. you agree and acknowledge that you shall not hold 1mg responsible for any loss or damage caused to you during the process due to any act or omission on the part of the third party labsâ any action omission which are beyond the control of 1mg. each user third party service provider are solely responsible for payment of all tax legal compliance statutory registration and reporting. 1mg is in no way responsible for any of the tax except for it own income tax. the subscription fee for the service if any charged by 1mg could be paid online through the facility made on the website. third party support and service are required to process online fee payment. 1mg is not responsible for any loss or damage caused to user third party service provider during this process a these third party are beyond the control of 1mg. the fee could also be paid offline and be either collected personally from the user third party service provider or required to be mailed to 1mg at the following address 1mg technology private limited 5th floor tower â b of the presidency building 46 4 mehrauli gurgaon road sector 14 gurgaon haryana 122001 india. all fee are exclusive of applicable tax. 1mg reserve the right to modify the fee structure by providing on the website which shall be considered a valid and agreed communication. in order to process the payment 1mg might require detail of userâ s third party service providersâ bank account credit card number etc. please check our privacy policy on how 1mg us the confidential information provided by user. available payment method wallet paytm amazonpay mobikwik airtelmoney freecharge olamoney jio money phonepe mpesa upi â bhim and googlepay. all debit and credit card. cash on delivery for offline payment. applicable payment charge no charge levied. detail including contact information of all payment service provider paytm http paytm com care ticket amazonpay http www amazonpay in contact mobikwik http blog mobikwik com contactus airtelmoney http www airtel in personal money contact u freecharge http www freecharge in contactus olamoney http www olamoney com support index html jio money http www jiomoney com contactus html phonepe http www phonepe com contact u mpesa upi â bhim http www bhimupi org in get touch and googlepay http support google com pay india gethelp. security detail in relation to payment method api integrated. charge back option no. return refund cancellation and shipping charge we offer return and refund on the product and service ordered by you on the website which are subject to further term and condition a detailed in the return refund cancellation and shipping charge policy â return and refund policyâ. the return and refund policy form an integral part of these term of use and the user are requested to carefully read the same. covenant covenanters for the purpose of these term of use shall include the user and the third party service provider each covenanter undertakes that it shall not do any act or post display upload modify publish transmit update or share any information that belongs to another person and to which the such covenanter doe not have any right is grossly harmful harassing blasphemous defamatory obscene pornographic pedophilic libelous invasive of another s privacy hateful or racially ethnically objectionable disparaging relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever infringes any patent trademark copyright or other intellectual proprietary right of any third party violates any law for the time being in force impersonates another person harm minor in any way deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such message or communicates any information that is grossly offensive and menacing in nature contains software virus or any other computer code file or program designed to interrupt destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource is prohibited under applicable law s for the time being in force including drug act read with the drug rule the drug and magic act the indian penal code 1860 a amended from time to time and rule made there under. and threatens the unity integrity defense security or sovereignty of india friendly relation with foreign state or public order or cause incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation. you are also prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the integrity or security of the website or any 1mg content transmitting any information including job post message and hyperlink on or through the website that is disruptive or competitive to the provision of service by 1mg intentionally submitting on the website any incomplete false or inaccurate information making any unsolicited communication to other covenanters. using any engine software tool agent or other device or mechanism such a spider robot avatar or intelligent agent to navigate or search the website attempting to decipher decompile disassemble or reverse engineer any part of the website copying or duplicating in any manner any of the 1mg content or other information available from the website. and framing or hotlinking or deeplinking any 1mg content. 1mg upon obtaining knowledge by itself or been brought to actual knowledge by an affected person in writing or through email signed with electronic signature about any such information a mentioned in this clause 4 shall be entitled to disable such information that is in contravention of this clause 4 or any provision of these term of use. 1mg shall be entitled to preserve such information and associated record for at least 90 ninety day for production to governmental authority for investigation purpose. in case of non compliance with any applicable law s rule or regulation or these term of use or the privacy policy by a covenanter 1mg ha the right to immediately terminate the access or usage right of the covenanter to the service and to remove noncompliant information. liability 1mg shall not be responsible or liable in any manner to the user or any third party service provider collectively referred to a the â other partiesâ for any loss damage injury or expense incurred by other party a a result of any disclosure made by 1mg where other party have consented to the making of such disclosure by 1mg. if the other party had revoked such consent under the term of the privacy policy then 1mg shall not be responsible or liable in any manner to the other party for any loss damage injury or expense incurred by the other party a a result of any disclosure made by 1mg prior to it actual receipt of such revocation. the other party shall not hold 1mg responsible or liable in any way for any disclosure by 1mg under regulation 6 of the spi rule. the service provided by 1mg or any of it licensors or provider or third party service provider are provided â a isâ a available and without any warranty or condition express or implied including the implied warranty of merchantability accuracy fitness for a particular purpose title and non infringement arising by statute or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage or trade. 1mg doe not provide or make any representation warranty or guarantee express or implied about the website or the service. 1mg doe not verify any content or information provided by the other party on the website and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law s disclaims all liability arising out of the other partiesâ use or reliance upon the website the service the 1mg content third party content representation and warranty made by the other party on the website or any loss arising out of the manner in which the service have been rendered. the website may be linked to the website of third party affiliate and business partner. 1mg ha no control over and not liable or responsible for content accuracy validity reliability quality of such website or made available by through the website. inclusion of any link on the website doe not imply that 1mg endorses the linked website. other party may use the link and these service at their own risk. 1mg shall not be responsible for the mishap missed service due to no service no show from the other party. 1mg shall not be responsible for any error in any of the service being provided by the third party service provider. user accept and acknowledge that 1mg doe not provide any representation or give any guarantee or warranty whether express or implied or whether arising by virtue of a statue or otherwise in law or from a course of dealing or usage or trade in relation to the good product and service made available on it website by third party service provider including any guarantee or warrantee that such good product i are merchantable. ii fit for the purpose of which they are to be or have been purchased iii have accurate description. iv do not cause any infringement. and v that the third party service provider have legal title over the good product being offered for sale by them on the website. 1mg also doe not provide any representation or give any guarantee or warranty whether express or implied about the website or any of the service offered or service offered or provided by the third party service provider. the other party further accept and acknowledge that 1mg doe not verify any content or information provided by either the user or the third party service or obtained from the user or the third party service provider and to fullest extent permitted by applicable law s disclaims all liability arising out of the other partiesâ use or reliance upon the website the service the 1mg content third party content representation and warranty made by the other party on the website or any opinion or suggestion given or expressed by 1mg or any third party service provider in relation to any service provided by 1mg. 1mg assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damage to or virus that may infect other partiesâ equipment on account of the other partiesâ access to use of or browsing the website or the downloading of any material data text image video content or audio content from the website. if any of the other party is dissatisfied with the website the sole remedy of such other party s is to discontinue using the website. the listing of third party service provider on the website is based on numerous factor including user comment and feedback. in no event shall the protected entity a defined herein below be liable or responsible for the listing order of third party service provider on the website. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law s 1mg it affiliate independent contractor service provider consultant licensors agent and representative and each of their respective director officer or employee â protected entitiesâ shall not be liable for any direct indirect special incidental punitive exemplary or consequential damage or any other damage of any kind arising from or directly or indirectly related to i the use of or the inability to use the website or the content material and function related thereto. ii user s provision of information via the website. even if such protected entity ha been advised of the possibility of such damage. in no event shall the protected entity be liable for or in connection with i the provision of or failure to provide all or any product or service by a third party service provider to any user. or ii any comment or feedback given by any of the user in relation to the good or service provided by any third party service provider. or ii any content posted transmitted exchanged or received by or on behalf of any user third party service provider or other person on or through the website. 1mg disclaims any liability in relation to the validity of the medical advice provided by the medical expert and the validity and legality of the e prescription for dispensation of medicine and conduct of diagnostic test. all liability arising out of any wrong diagnosis of medical condition by the medical expert and or arising from the e prescription will be of the concerned medical expert. further all liability arising out of any wrong diagnosis report by the third party lab and or arising from the wrong dispensation of the pharmaceutical good and service will be of the concerned third party lab or the third party pharmacy a the case may be. the user may share their previous medical history during interaction with the medical expert. the user undertake to share such information at their own risk. 1mg reserve the right to retain such information for the purpose of providing service to the user. with respect to the consultation service after selection of the type of treatment viz. homeopathy allopathy or ayurveda along with the specification of the disease by the patient 1mg will decide the medical expert to whom the query should be directed based on the information shared by the user. however in no event the protected entity shall be held liable for the loss attributable to such decision making and in no event shall the protected entity be liable for any consultation provided and or e prescription issued by the medical expert by using the interface of online medical consultancy. the user acknowledge that the protected entity merely act in the capacity of facilitator between the other party by providing a platform for them to interact and transact. in no event shall the protected entity be held liable for any of the loss attributable to service offered through the website. in no event shall the total aggregate liability of the protected entity to any other party for all damage loss and cause of action whether in contract or tort including but not limited to negligence strict liability product liability or otherwise arising from these term of use or any other partiesâ use of the website exceed an aggregate amount of inr 1000 indian rupee one thousand only. 1mg accepts no liability for any error or omission on behalf of the other party. in no event shall the protected entity be liable for failure on the part of the user or third party service provider to provide agreed service or to make himself herself available at the appointed time cancellation or rescheduling of appointment. in no event shall the protected entity be liable for any comment or feedback given by any of the user in relation to the service provided by a third party service provider. indemnity the covenanters agree to defend indemnify and hold harmless 1mg the protected entity independent contractor service provider consultant licensors agent and representative and each of their respective director officer and employee from and against any and all claim loss liability damage and or cost including but not limited to reasonable attorney fee and cost arising from or related to a covenanters access to or use of website. b covenanters violation of these term of use or any applicable law s. c covenanters violation of any right of another person entity including infringement of their intellectual property right. or d covenanters conduct in connection with the website. modification of website 1mg reserve the right to modify or discontinue temporarily or permanently the website or any feature or portion thereof without prior notice. other party agree that 1mg will not be liable for any modification suspension or discontinuance of the website or any other part thereof. intellectual property right all the intellectual property used on the website except those which have been identified a the intellectual property of the other party shall remain the exclusive property of the company. the other party agree not to circumvent disable or otherwise interfere with security related feature of the website or feature that prevent or restrict use or copying of any material or enforce limitation on use of the website or the material therein. the material on the website or otherwise may not be modified copied reproduced distributed republished downloaded displayed sold compiled posted or transmitted in any form or by any mean including but not limited to electronic mechanical photocopying recording or other mean. compliance of applicable law while communicating transacting with each other through the website the other party shall at all time ensure full compliance with the applicable provision of the contract act it act ig guideline drug act read with the drug rule drug and magic act the indian medical council act 1956 read with the indian medical council rule 1957 pharmacy act consumer protection act 1986 spi rule etc â captioned lawsâ. a well a all other law for the time being in force and ensure due payment of applicable tax. they must specifically ensure that they are in no way purchasing pharmaceutical good and service or prescription drug without a valid prescription which are prohibited under the drug act read with the drug rule a well a the other applicable law for the time being in force. the user must also ensure that the prescription uploaded on the website or emailed to 1mg for processing the order for prescription drug is a valid prescription duly obtained from a registered medical practitioner. the user acknowledge and accept that they shall bear all cost liability damage caused to the third party service provider or to 1mg a a result of any dispensation of prescription drug by the third party service provider owing to the non compliance by the user in this regard. termination party for the purpose of these term of use shall collectively mean the other party and 1mg the provision of these term of use shall continue to apply until terminated by either of the party a set for below in case of other party wanting to terminate these term of use other party may do so by not accessing the website. or closing their account for all of the service that they use. 1mg reserve the right to at any time and with or without notice terminate these term of use against each of the user or the third party service provider or the other party a a whole if there is breach any of applicable law s including but not limited to the captioned law or the provision of these term of use or the term of the privacy policy or any other term condition or policy that may be applicable to the other party from time to time or have acted in a manner that clearly show that other party s do not intend to or are unable to comply with the same. or 1mg is unable to verify or authenticate any information provided to 1mg by other party s. or 1mg belief in it sole discretion that other party s action may cause legal liability for 1mg or any of it affiliate independent contractor service provider consultant licensors agent and representative or are contrary to the interest of the website. or 1mg is required to do so by law. or if other party s fail to provide or after providing such consent later revoke the consent necessary or desirable for 1mg to provide the service to the other party s. or the provision of the service to the other party s or to the general public is in 1mgâ s opinion no longer commercially viable. or 1mg ha elected to discontinue with or without reason access to the website or the service or any part thereof. 1mg may also terminate or suspend temporarily or permanently all or a portion of other party s account or access to the service with or without reason. except a may be set forth in any of the term applicable to a particular service termination of other party s account may include i removal of access to all offering within the website or with respect to the service. and ii barring other party s from further use or access of the website or of any of the service. once terminated or suspended temporarily or permanently other party s may not continue to use the website under the same account a different account or re register under a new account. upon termination of these term of use 1mg shall have no obligation to maintain or provide any of other party s data and may thereafter unless legally prohibited delete all of other party s data in it system or otherwise in it possession or under it control including but not limited to other party s personal information log in id and password order detail including any prescription uploaded and all related information file and material associated with or inside other party s account or any part thereof. 1mg reserve the right at it sole discretion to pursue all of it legal remedy including but not limited to deletion of the other party s content from the website with or without ability to access the website and the other service upon any breach by the other party s of these term of use or if 1mg is unable to verify or authenticate any information the other party s submits to 1mg or if the other party s fail to provide or after providing such consent later revoke the consent necessary or desirable for 1mg to provide the service to the other party s. the right to terminate suspend the account is in addition to and without prejudice to 1mgâ s right to initiate action against the other party s in accordance with applicable law. force majeure other party accept and acknowledge that 1mg shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused to the user a a result of delay or default or deficiency or failure in the service a a result of any natural disaster fire riot civil disturbance action or decree of governmental body communication line failure which are not caused due to the fault of 1mg or the third party service provider or any other delay or default or deficiency or failure which arises from cause beyond 1mgâ s reasonable control â force majeure eventâ. in the event of any force majeure event arising 1mg depending on whose performance ha been impacted under the term of use shall immediately give notice to the other party s of the fact which constitute the force majeure event. governing law and dispute resolution these term of use and any contractual obligation between the party will be governed by the law of india without reference to the conflict of law principle. any legal action or proceeding related to other party s access to or use of the website or these term of use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court at new delhi. all dispute will be subject to arbitration at new delhi in english by a sole arbitrator appointed by 1mg under the arbitration and conciliation act 1996 survival even after termination certain obligation mentioned under covenant liability indemnity intellectual property dispute resolution will continue and survive termination. severability if any provision of these term of use is deemed invalid unlawful void or for any other reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable from these term of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provision. waiver no provision of these term of use shall be deemed to be waived and no breach excused unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by 1mg. any consent by 1mg to or a waiver by 1mg of any breach by other party whether expressed or implied shall not constitute consent to waiver of or excuse for any other different or subsequent breach. heading the heading and subheading herein are included for convenience and identification only and are not intended to describe interpret define or limit the scope extent or intent of these term of use. contact information if any other party s ha any grievance comment question or suggestion regarding any of our service please contact our customer service at care 1mg com. if any other party s ha any question concerning 1mg the website these term of use or anything related to any of the foregoing 1mg can be reached at the following email address care 1mg com or via the contact information available from the following hyperlink contact u