last updated may 2019 privacy policy please read this privacy policy carefully by accessing or using the website you agree to be bound by the term described herein and all the term incorporated by reference. if you do not agree to all of these term do not use the website. content amp. purpose this privacy policy â privacy policyâ applies to your use of the domain name www 1mg com an internet based portal and 1mg a mobile application owned and operated by 1mg technology private limited a company duly incorporated under the provision of the company act 2013 hereinafter referred to a â 1mgâ or â weâ or â ourâ or â usâ or â companyâ. the domain name and the mobile application are collectively referred to a â websiteâ. the website is a platform that facilitates the purchase of pharmaceutical product for sale by various relevant pharmacy hereinafter referred to a â servicesâ with the relevant pharmacy referred to a â sellersâ. the arrangement between the seller and 1mg shall be governed in accordance with this privacy policy and the term of use. the service would be made available to such natural person who have agreed to become buyer on the website after obtaining due registration in accordance with the procedure a determined by 1mg from time to time referred to a â youâ or â yourâ or â yourselfâ or â userâ which term shall also include natural person who are accessing the website merely a visitor. the service are offered to the user through various mode which shall include issue of discount coupon and voucher that can be redeemed for various good service offered for sale by the seller. we have implemented reasonable security practice and procedure that are commensurate with the information asset being protected and with the nature of our business. while we try our best to provide security that is commensurate with the industry standard because of the inherent vulnerability of the internet we cannot ensure or warrant complete security of all information that is being transmitted to u by you. for the purpose of providing the service and for other purpose identified in this privacy policy 1mg will be required to collect and host certain data and information of the user. 1mg is committed to protecting the personal information of the user and take all reasonable precaution for maintaining confidentiality of the userâ s personal information. this privacy policy ha been designed and developed to help you understand the following the type of personal information including sensitive personal data or information that 1mg collect from the user. the purpose of collection mean and mode of usage of such personal information by 1mg. how and to whom 1mg will disclose such information. how 1mg will protect the personal information including sensitive personal data or information that is collected from the user. and how user may access and or modify their personal information. this privacy policy shall apply to the use of the website by all user seller. accordingly a condition of each user s use of and access to the website and to the other service provided by 1mg to user is their acceptance of this privacy policy. any user is required to read and understand the provision set out herein prior to submitting any sensitive personal data or information to 1mg failing which they are required to leave the website immediately. this privacy policy is published in compliance of the indian information technology act 2000 and the rule regulation guideline and clarification framed thereunder including the indian information technology reasonable security practice and procedure and sensitive personal data or information rule 2011 what is the personal information. â personal informationâ mean any information that relates to a natural person which either directly or indirectly in combination with other information available with 1mg is capable of identifying the person concerned. â sensitive personal data or informationâ mean personal information of any individual relating to password. financial information such a bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument detail. physical physiological and mental health condition. sexual orientation. medical record and history. biometric information. any detail relating to the above a provided to or received by 1mg for processing or storage. however any data information relating to an individual that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the right to information act 2005 or any other law shall not qualify a sensitive personal data or information. type of personal information collected by 1mg a user may have limited access to the website and utilize some of the service provided by 1mg without creating an account on the website. unregistered user can access some of the information and detail available on the website. in order to have access to all the feature and benefit on our website a user may be required to first create an account on our website. a part of the registration process 1mg may collect the following category of personal information from the user hereinafter collectively referred to a â user informationâ name user id email address address including country and zip postal code gender age phone number password chosen by the user valid financial account information. and other detail a the user may volunteer. in order to avail the service the user may be required to upload copy of their prescription on the website and or e mail the same to 1mg in accordance with the term of use and the prescription will be stored disclosed by 1mg only in the manner specified in this privacy policy and the term of use. the term â user informationâ shall also include any such prescription uploaded or otherwise provided by user. 1mg may keep record of telephone call received and made for making inquiry order or other purpose for the purpose of administration of service. internet use 1mg may also receive and or hold information about the userâ s browsing history including the url of the site that the user visited prior to visiting the website a well a the internet protocol ip address of each user s computer or the proxy server a user used to access the world wide web user s computer operating system and type of web browser the user is using a well a the name of user s isp. the website us temporary cooky to store certain data that is not sensitive personal data or information that is used by 1mg and it service provider for the technical administration of the website research and development and for user administration. the website may enable user to communicate with other user or to post information to be accessed by others whereupon other user may collect such data. 1mg hereby expressly disclaims any liability for any misuse of such information that is made available by visitor in such a manner. 1mg doe not knowingly collect personal information from child. 1mg may in future include other optional request for information from the user including through user survey in order to help 1mg customize the website to deliver personalized information to the user and for other purpose are mentioned herein. such information may also be collected in the course of contest conducted by 1mg. any such additional personal information will also be processed in accordance with this privacy policy. purpose for which your information may be used by 1mg 1mg will retain user information only to the extent it is necessary to provide service to the user. the information which 1mg collect from you may be utilized for various business and or regulatory purpose including for the following purpose registration of the user on the website processing the userâ s order request and provision of service including provision of safe service completing transaction with user effectively and billing for the product service provided technical administration and customization of website ensuring that the website content is presented to the user in an effective manner. delivery of personalized information and target advertisement to the user. improvement of service feature and functionality of the website. research and development and for user administration including conducting user survey. non personally identifiable information exclusively owned by 1mg may be used in an aggregated or non personally identifiable form for internal research statistical analysis and business intelligence purpose including those for the purpose of determining the number of visitor and transactional detail and 1mg may sell or otherwise transfer such research statistical or intelligence data in an aggregated or non personally identifiable form to third party and affiliate. dealing with request enquiry complaint or dispute and other customer care related activity including those arising out of the usersâ request of the service and all other general administrative and business purpose. in case of any contest conducted by 1mg in which the user participates the user information may be used for prize fulfillment and other aspect of any contest or similar offering. communicate any change in our service or this privacy policy or the term of use to the user. verification of identity of user and perform check to prevent fraud. and investigating enforcing resolving dispute and applying our term of use and privacy policy either ourselves or through third party service provider. disclosure and transfer of your personal information 1mg may need to disclose transfer userâ s personal information to the following third party for the purpose mentioned in this privacy policy and the term of use to seller and other service provider appointed by 1mg for the purpose of carrying out service on 1mgâ s behalf under contract. generally these contractor do not have any independent right to share this information however certain contractor who provide service on the website including the provider of online communication service will have right to use and disclose the personal information collected in connection with the provision of these service in accordance with their own privacy policy. to our affiliate in india or in other country who may use and disclose your information for the same purpose a u. to government institution authority to the extent required a under the law rule and regulation and or under order of any relevant judicial or quasi judicial authority. b to protect and defend the right or property of 1mg. c to fight fraud and credit risk. d to enforce 1mg s term of use to which this privacy policy is also a part. or e when 1mg in it sole discretion deems it necessary in order to protect it right or the right of others. if otherwise required by an order under any law for the time being in force including in response to enquiry by government agency for the purpose of verification of identity or for prevention detection investigation including cyber incident prosecution and punishment of offence. in case of contest conducted by 1mg in which the user participates the concerned userâ s information may be disclosed to third party also be disclosed to third party to the extent necessary for prize fulfillment and other aspect of such contest or similar offering. 1mg make all user information accessible to it employee and data processor only on a need to know basis. all 1mg employee and data processor who have access to and are associated with the processing of user information are obliged to respect it confidentiality. non personally identifiable information may be disclosed to third party ad server ad agency technology vendor and research firm to serve advertisement to the user. 1mg may also share it aggregate finding not specific information based on information relating to the userâ s internet use to prospective investor strategic partner sponsor and others in order to help growth of 1mg s business. 1mg may also disclose or transfer the user information to another third party a part of reorganization or a sale of the asset or business of a 1mg corporation division or company. any third party to which 1mg transfer or sell it asset will have the right to continue to use the personal information and or other information that a user provide to u. retention of the information all the information collected stored under this privacy policy and term of use is maintained by 1mg in electronic form on it equipment and on the equipment of it employee. user information may also be converted to physical form from time to time. regardless of the manner of storage 1mg will keep all user information confidential and will use disclose it only the manner specified under the privacy policy and term of use. part of the functionality of the website is assisting the seller to maintain and organize such information to effect sale and purchase of product. 1mg may therefore retain and submit all such record to the appropriate authority or to seller who request access to such information. the website is also designed for assisting the user to access information relating to pharmaceutical product. 1mg may therefore retain and submit all such record to the relevant user. 1mg will also ensure that user information is not kept for a period longer than is required for the purpose for which it is collected or a required under any applicable law. link to third party advertisments the link to third party advertisement third party website or any third party electronic communication service referred to a â third party linksâ may be provided on the website which are operated by third party and are not controlled by or affiliated to or associated with 1mg unless expressly specified on the website. if you access any such third party link we request you review the websiteâ s privacy policy. we are not responsible for the policy or practice of third party link. security practice and procedure 1mg adopts reasonable security practice and procedure to include technical operational managerial and physical security control measure in order to protect the personal information in it possession from loss misuse and unauthorized access disclosure alteration and destruction. 1mg take adequate step to ensure that third party to whom the usersâ sensitive personal data or information may be transferred adopt reasonable level of security practice and procedure to ensure security of personal information. you hereby acknowledge that 1mg is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the internet and you hereby release u from any and all claim arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner. user s right in relation to their personal information collected by 1mg all the information provided to 1mg by a user including sensitive personal data or information is voluntary. user ha the right to withdraw his her it consent at any time in accordance with the term of this privacy policy and the term of use but please note that withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive. user can access modify correct and delete the personal information provided by them which ha been voluntarily given by the user and collected by 1mg in accordance with this privacy policy and term of use. however if the user update his her information 1mg may keep a copy of the information which user originally provided to 1mg in it archive for user documented herein. in case the user seek to update or correct his her personal information the user may exercise these right by emailing 1mg at care 1mg com and communicate the change s for updating 1mgâ s record. if a user a a casual visitor ha inadvertently browsed any other page of this website prior to reading the privacy policy and the term of use and such user doe not agree with the manner in which such information is obtained stored or used merely quitting this browser application should ordinarily clear all temporary cooky installed by 1mg. all visitor however are encouraged to use the clear cooky functionality of their browser to ensure such clearing deletion a 1mg cannot guarantee predict or provide for the behavior of the equipment of all the visitor of the website. if a user ha inadvertently submitted any personal information to 1mg prior to reading the privacy policy and term of use and such user doe not agree with the manner in which such information is collected stored or used then such user can ask 1mg by sending an email to care 1mg com containing the rectification required whether 1mg is keeping personal information about such user and every user is also entitled to require 1mg to delete and destroy all such information relating to such user but not other user in it possession. in case the user doe not provide his her information or consent for usage of personal information or subsequently withdraws his her consent for usage of the personal information so collected 1mg reserve the right to discontinue the service for which the said information wa sought. addtional note to the user 1mg doe not exercise control over the site displayed a search result or link from within it service. these other site may place their own cooky or other file on the user computer collect data or solicit personal information from the user for which 1mg is not responsible or liable. accordingly 1mg doe not make any representation concerning the privacy practice or policy of such third party or term of use of such website nor doe 1mg guarantee the accuracy integrity or quality of the information data text software sound photograph graphic video message or other material available on such website. 1mg encourages the user to read the privacy policy of that website. 1mg shall not be responsible in any manner for the authenticity of the personal information or sensitive personal data or information supplied by the user to 1mg or any seller. if a user provides any information that is untrue inaccurate not current or incomplete or becomes untrue inaccurate not current or incomplete or 1mg ha reasonable ground to suspect that such information is untrue inaccurate not current or incomplete 1mg ha the right to suspend or terminate such account at it sole discretion. 1mg shall not be responsible for any breach of security or for any action of any third party that receive user personal information or event that are beyond the reasonable control of 1mg including act of government computer hacking unauthorized access to computer data and storage device computer crash breach of security and encryption etc. the user is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the user s account access information and password. the user shall be responsible for all us of the user s account and password whether or not authorized by the user. the user shall immediately notify 1mg of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of the user s account or password. 1mg will communicate with the user through email and notice posted on the website or through other mean available through the service including text and other form of messaging. the user can ask 1mg by sending an email to care 1mg com containing the rectification required. change in the privacy policy 1mg may update this privacy policy at any time with or without advance notice. in the event there are significant change in the way 1mg treat user s personal information 1mg will display a notice on the website or send user an email. if a user us the service after notice of change have been sent to such user or published on the website such user hereby provides his her it consent to the changed practice. complaint and grievance redressal 1mg address discrepancy and grievance of all user with respect to processing of information in a time bound manner. for this purpose 1mg ha designated mr vikas chauhan a the grievance officer who will redress the grievance of the user expeditiously but within one month from the date of receipt of grievance and who can be reached by sending a letter marked to the attention of â grievance officer 1mg to level 3 vasant square mall pocket v sector b vasant kunj new delhi 110070â or sending an email to care 1mg com contact u you may contact u with any question relating to this privacy policy by submitting your request here or by postal mail at registered address level 3 vasant square mall pocket v sector b vasant kunj new delhi 110070