1mg return amp. refund policy 1mg return policy refund cancellation and shipping charge policy 1mg technology private limited â 1mgâ team facilitates processing correct medicine a per order and prescription and strives to service the medicine and product in right condition without any damage every time a consumer place an order. we also strongly recommend the item are checked at the time of delivery. table of content definition return process medical test refund process online consultation shipping charge definition return mean an action of giving back the product ordered at 1mg portal by the consumer. the following situation may arise which may cause the action of return of product product s delivered do not match your order. product s delivered are past or near to it expiry date medicine with an expiry date of less than 03 month shall be considered a near expiry. product s delivered were damaged in transit do not to accept any product which ha a tampered seal note if the product that you have received is damaged then do not accept the delivery of that product. if after opening the package you discover that the product is damaged the same may be returned for a refund. please note that we cannot promise a replacement for all product a it will depend on the availability of the particular product in such case we will offer a refund. in the aforesaid unlikely situation if there is something wrong with the order we d be happy to assist and resolve your concern. you may raise a return request with our customer care within 07 seven day from the delivery of the product. 1mg reserve the right to cancel the return request if the customer reach out to 1mg after 7 day of delivery. upon receiving your return refund request 1mg shall verify the authenticity and the nature of the request. if 1mg find that the request is genuine it will initiate the return and refund process. 1mg shall process the refund only once it ha received the confirmation from the vendor concerned in respect of the content of the product relating to that refund. in the event of frivolous and unjustified complaint regarding the quality and content of the product 1mg reserve the right to pursue necessary legal action against you and you will be solely liable for all cost incurred by 1mg in this regard. the return are subject to the below condition any wrong ordering of product doesnâ t qualify for return. batch number of the product being returned should match a mentioned on the invoice. return request arising due to change in prescription do not qualify for return. product being returned should only be in their original manufacturer s packaging i e. with original price tag label bar code and invoice. and partially consumed strip or product do not qualify for return only fully unopened strip or product can be returned. category of non returnable product certain category of product marked a non returnable on product page will not qualify for the return a per 1mg return policy. the detail of the non returnable product are mentioned below category type of product baby care bottle nipple breast nipple care breast pump diaper ear syrinx nappy wet reminder wipe and wipe warmer food and nutrition health drink health supplement healthcare device glucometer lancet strip healthcare device and kit surgical health monitor sexual wellness condom fertility kit supplement lubricant pregnancy kit temperature controlled and speciality medicine vial injection vaccine penfills and any other product requiring cold storage or medicine that fall under the category of speciality medicine. return process for return intimation please visit www 1mg com help and chat with u from 8am to 8pm monday to sunday. 1mg customer care team will verify the claim made by the customer within 72 seventy two business hour from the time of receipt of complaint. once the claim is verified a genuine and reasonable 1mg will initiate the collection of product s to be returned. the customer will be required to pack the product s in original manufacturerâ s packaging. refund will be completed within 30 thirty day from date of reverse pick up if required. medical test in case of medical test a refund request may be raised in the following case if the patient ha suffered from haematoma or any prick related injury if the report ha been challenged and no proper justification i e. reasonable clarification provided either by 1mg or the diagnostic centre ha been provided. if the time limit within which a report ha to be provided to the patient is breached by 72 seventy two hour and no proper justification i e reasonable clarification provided either by 1mg or the diagnostic centre ha been provided. refund process in all the above case if the claim is found to be valid refund will be made a mentioned below order placed through online wallet will be credited to the wallet. and order placed through cash on delivery will be refunded through fund transfer to customer bank account. online consultation in case of online consultation a customer will be eligible to raise a request for refund only in case the consultation query is not replied within specified timeline. the customer is required to raise the refund request with 1mg customer care within 72 seventy two hour from the time of submission of query or receiving of response. the request for the refund will be validated by 1mg customer care team. in case of valid refund the same will be done by crediting the bank account of the customer. refund process shall be completed within 30 thirty day from the date of submission of the request for refund. shipping charge estimated shipping charge are calculated a per the value of the order and can be viewed in the cart section at the time of checkout. for any further shipping related information please write to care 1mg comâ. for any further refund related information please write to care 1mg comâ. cancellation policy customer cancellation the customer can cancel the order for the product till 1mg ship it. order once shipped cannot be cancelled. the customer can cancel the order for medical test till the collection of sample. 1mg cancellation there may be certain order that 1mg partner are unable to accept and service and these may need to be cancelled. some situation that may result in your order being cancelled include non availability of the product or quantity ordered by you or inaccuracy or error in pricing information specified by our partner. 1mg also reserve the right to cancel any order that classify a â bulk orderâ a determined by 1mg a per certain criterion. an order can be classified a â bulk orderâ if it meet with the below mentioned criterion which may not be exhaustive viz i product ordered are not for self consumption but for commercial resale. ii. multiple order placed for same product at the same address. iii. bulk quantity of the same product ordered. iv. invalid address given in order detail. v any malpractice used to place the order. no cancellation charge shall be levied for cancellation of an order in accordance with the term of this policy