intellectual property infringement policy this intellectual property infringement policy â ip policyâ must be read along with the term and condition and editorial policy of 1mg. the domain name www 1mg com an internet based portal and 1mg mobile application android and io is owned and operated by 1mg technology private limited a company duly incorporated under the provision of the company act 2013 hereinafter referred to a â 1mgâ or â weâ or â ourâ or â usâ or â companyâ. the domain name and the mobile application are collectively hereinafter referred to a the â websiteâ. the term of this ip policy constitute a legal and binding contract between you hereinafter referred to a â youâ or â yourâ or the â userâ on one part and the company on the other part. the company respect the intellectual property right of all individual and company and for that strictly prohibits it third party service provider and all other third party from using the website to sell distribute circulate post upload or in any other manner deal with any information data or content that infringes upon the intellectual property of any person including copyright and trademark. in the event you believe that your intellectual property ha been infringed upon by any material made available on the website you should notify the website by sending an e mail at communication 1mg com â claimâ you must also include the following information in your claim the url s through which the claimed infringing material is made available on the website. identification or description of the claimed infringing material intellectual property that is allegedly being infringed including evidence of your ownership of the intellectual property right over the claimed infringing material. your particular including your full name address telephone number s and email address and. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the claimed infringing material in question and the url submitted is unauthorized by the right owner or it licensee and such use amount to infringement under law. such statement shall also declare that the information being provided by you is complete and accurate on receipt of such claim along with the full particular a provided above the company shall investigate into the matter and determine whether your intellectual property ha been infringed a mentioned in your claim. during such investigation by the company the company may request you for further information in regard to your claim or post investigation may take the requisite action. such action shall be determined at the sole discretion of the company. in case the information received in your claim is found to be incomplete frivolous or untrue the company shall not be obliged to take action and may re activate the url provided in the claim at it sole discretion and the company may hold you liable for any civil and possibly criminal proceeding a per the applicable law