we value your privacy we and our partner use technology such a cooky and process personal data such a ip address and cookie identifier to personalise ad and content based on your interest measure the performance of ad and content and derive insight about the audience who saw ad and content. click below to consent to the use of this technology and the processing of your personal data for these purpose. you can change your mind and change your consent choice at any time by returning to this site. more option i accept show purpose privacy amp. cookie policy see vendor site owner this version of choice will be deprecated by jan 22 2021 update to v2 for free. 10 minute mail beat spam with the best disposable email service english albanian arabic bulgarian catalan chinese cn chinese hk chinese tw croatian czech danish dutch esperanto estonian finnish french galician german greek hebrew hungarian indonesian italian japanese korean latvian lithuanian norwegian persian polish portuguese portuguese br romanian russian serbian slovak slovenian spanish swedish thai turkish vietnamese ukrainian privacy policy last updated march 23 2020 this privacy policy describes our policy and procedure on the collection use and disclosure of your information when you use the service and tell you about your privacy right and how the law protects you. we use your personal data to provide and improve the service. by using the service you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy policy. interpretation and definition interpretation the word of which the initial letter is capitalized have meaning defined under the following condition. the following definition shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. definition for the purpose of this privacy policy you mean the individual accessing or using the service or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the service a applicable. under gdpr general data protection regulation you can be referred to a the data subject or a the user a you are the individual using the service. company referred to a either the company we u or our in this agreement refers to black magic consulting llc 300 center drive suite g 323 superior co 80027 for the purpose of the gdpr the company is the data controller. affiliate mean an entity that control is controlled by or is under common control with a party where control mean ownership of 50 or more of the share equity interest or other security entitled to vote for election of director or other managing authority. account mean a unique account created for you to access our service or part of our service. website refers to 10minutemail accessible from http 10minutemail com service refers to the website. country refers to colorado united state service provider mean any natural or legal person who process the data on behalf of the company. it refers to third party company or individual employed by the company to facilitate the service to provide the service on behalf of the company to perform service related to the service or to assist the company in analyzing how the service is used. for the purpose of the gdpr service provider are considered data processor. third party social medium service refers to any website or any social network website through which a user can log in or create an account to use the service. personal data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. for the purpose for gdpr personal data mean any information relating to you such a a name an identification number location data online identifier or to one or more factor specific to the physical physiological genetic mental economic cultural or social identity. for the purpose of the ccpa personal data mean any information that identifies relates to describes or is capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with you. cooky are small file that are placed on your computer mobile device or any other device by a website containing the detail of your browsing history on that website among it many us. usage data refers to data collected automatically either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself for example the duration of a page visit. data controller for the purpose of the gdpr general data protection regulation refers to the company a the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purpose and mean of the processing of personal data. do not track dnt is a concept that ha been promoted by u regulatory authority in particular the u s federal trade commission ftc for the internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet user to control the tracking of their online activity across website. business for the purpose of the ccpa california consumer privacy act refers to the company a the legal entity that collect consumer personal information and determines the purpose and mean of the processing of consumer personal information or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone or jointly with others determines the purpose and mean of the processing of consumer personal information that doe business in the state of california. consumer for the purpose of the ccpa california consumer privacy act mean a natural person who is a california resident. a resident a defined in the law includes 1 every individual who is in the usa for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and 2 every individual who is domiciled in the usa who is outside the usa for a temporary or transitory purpose. sale for the purpose of the ccpa california consumer privacy act mean selling renting releasing disclosing disseminating making available transferring or otherwise communicating orally in writing or by electronic or other mean a consumer s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. collecting and using your personal data type of data collected personal data while using our service we may ask you to provide u with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to usage data usage data usage data is collected automatically when using the service. usage data may include information such a your device s internet protocol address e g. ip address browser type browser version the page of our service that you visit the time and date of your visit the time spent on those page unique device identifier and other diagnostic data. when you access the service by or through a mobile device we may collect certain information automatically including but not limited to the type of mobile device you use your mobile device unique id the ip address of your mobile device your mobile operating system the type of mobile internet browser you use unique device identifier and other diagnostic data. we may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device. tracking technology and cooky we use cooky and similar tracking technology to track the activity on our service and store certain information. tracking technology used are beacon tag and script to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service. you can instruct your browser to refuse all cooky or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however if you do not accept cooky you may not be able to use some part of our service. cooky can be persistent or session cooky. persistent cooky remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline while session cooky are deleted a soon a you close your web browser. learn more about cooky all about cooky. we use both session and persistent cooky for the purpose set out below necessary essential cooky type session cooky administered by u purpose these cooky are essential to provide you with service available through the website and to enable you to use some of it feature. they help to authenticate user and prevent fraudulent use of user account. without these cooky the service that you have asked for cannot be provided and we only use these cooky to provide you with those service. cooky policy notice acceptance cooky type persistent cooky administered by u purpose these cooky identify if user have accepted the use of cooky on the website. functionality cooky type persistent cooky administered by u purpose these cooky allow u to remember choice you make when you use the website such a remembering your login detail or language preference. the purpose of these cooky is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re enter your preference every time you use the website. tracking and performance cooky type persistent cooky administered by third party purpose these cooky are used to track information about traffic to the website and how user use the website. the information gathered via these cooky may directly or indirectly identify you a an individual visitor. this is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access the website. we may also use these cooky to test new advertisement page feature or new functionality of the website to see how our user react to them. targeting and advertising cooky type persistent cooky administered by third party purpose these cooky track your browsing habit to enable u to show advertising which is more likely to be of interest to you. these cooky use information about your browsing history to group you with other user who have similar interest. based on that information and with our permission third party advertiser can place cooky to enable them to show advert which we think will be relevant to your interest while you are on third party website. for more information about the cooky we use and your choice regarding cooky please visit our cooky policy. use of your personal data the company may use personal data for the following purpose to provide and maintain our service including to monitor the usage of our service. to manage your account to manage your registration a a user of the service. the personal data you provide can give you access to different functionality of the service that are available to you a a registered user. for the performance of a contract the development compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the product item or service you have purchased or of any other contract with u through the service. to contact you to contact you by email telephone call sm or other equivalent form of electronic communication such a a mobile application s push notification regarding update or informative communication related to the functionality product or contracted service including the security update when necessary or reasonable for their implementation. to provide you with news special offer and general information about other good service and event which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information. to manage your request to attend and manage your request to u. we may share your personal information in the following situation with service provider we may share your personal information with service provider to monitor and analyze the use of our service to show advertisement to you to help support and maintain our service to contact you to advertise on third party website to you after you visited our service or for payment processing. for business transfer we may share or transfer your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger sale of company asset financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. with affiliate we may share your information with our affiliate in which case we will require those affiliate to honor this privacy policy. affiliate include our parent company and any other subsidiary joint venture partner or other company that we control or that are under common control with u. with business partner we may share your information with our business partner to offer you certain product service or promotion. with other user when you share personal information or otherwise interact in the public area with other user such information may be viewed by all user and may be publicly distributed outside. if you interact with other user or register through a third party social medium service your contact on the third party social medium service may see your name profile picture and description of your activity. similarly other user will be able to view description of your activity communicate with you and view your profile. retention of your personal data the company will retain your personal data only for a long a is necessary for the purpose set out in this privacy policy. we will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligation for example if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable law resolve dispute and enforce our legal agreement and policy. the company will also retain usage data for internal analysis purpose. usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time period. transfer of your personal data your information including personal data is processed at the company s operating office and in any other place where the party involved in the processing are located. it mean that this information may be transferred to â and maintained on â computer located outside of your state province country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection law may differ than those from your jurisdiction. your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. the company will take all step reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate control in place including the security of your data and other personal information. disclosure of your personal data business transaction if the company is involved in a merger acquisition or asset sale your personal data may be transferred. we will provide notice before your personal data is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. law enforcement under certain circumstance the company may be required to disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid request by public authority e g. a court or a government agency. other legal requirement the company may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation protect and defend the right or property of the company prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service protect the personal safety of user of the service or the public protect against legal liability security of your personal data the security of your personal data is important to u but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100 secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable mean to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee it absolute security. detailed information on the processing of your personal data service provider have access to your personal data only to perform their task on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. analytics we may use third party service provider to monitor and analyze the use of our service. google analytics google analytics is a web analytics service offered by google that track and report website traffic. google us the data collected to track and monitor the use of our service. this data is shared with other google service. google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ad of it own advertising network. you can opt out of having made your activity on the service available to google analytics by installing the google analytics opt out browser add on. the add on prevents the google analytics javascript ga j analytics j and dc j from sharing information with google analytics about visit activity. for more information on the privacy practice of google please visit the google privacy amp. term web page http policy google com privacy hl en advertising we may use service provider to show advertisement to you to help support and maintain our service. google adsense amp. doubleclick cookie google a a third party vendor us cooky to serve ad on our service. google s use of the doubleclick cookie enables it and it partner to serve ad to our user based on their visit to our service or other website on the internet. you may opt out of the use of the doubleclick cookie for interest based advertising by visiting the google ad setting web page http www google com ad preference gdpr privacy legal basis for processing personal data under gdpr we may process personal data under the following condition consent you have given your consent for processing personal data for one or more specific purpose. performance of a contract provision of personal data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and or for any pre contractual obligation thereof. legal obligation processing personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the company is subject. vital interest processing personal data is necessary in order to protect your vital interest or of another natural person. public interest processing personal data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the company. legitimate interest processing personal data is necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interest pursued by the company. in any case the company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing and in particular whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. your right under the gdpr the company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of your personal data and to guarantee you can exercise your right. you have the right under this privacy policy and by law if you are within the eu to request access to your personal data. the right to access update or delete the information we have on you. whenever made possible you can access update or request deletion of your personal data directly within your account setting section. if you are unable to perform these action yourself please contact u to assist you. this also enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you. request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. you have the right to to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected. object to processing of your personal data. this right exists where we are relying on a legitimate interest a the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation which make you want to object to our processing of your personal data on this ground. you also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purpose. request erasure of your personal data. you have the right to ask u to delete or remove personal data when there is no good reason for u to continue processing it. request the transfer of your personal data. we will provide to you or to a third party you have chosen your personal data in a structured commonly used machine readable format. please note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for u to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. withdraw your consent. you have the right to withdraw your consent on using your personal data. if you withdraw your consent we may not be able to provide you with access to certain specific functionality of the service. exercising of your gdpr data protection right you may exercise your right of access rectification cancellation and opposition by contacting u. please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such request. if you make a request we will try our best to respond to you a soon a possible. you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. for more information if you are in the european economic area eea please contact your local data protection authority in the eea. ccpa privacy your right under the ccpa under this privacy policy and by law if you are a resident of california you have the following right the right to notice. you must be properly notified which category of personal data are being collected and the purpose for which the personal data is being used. the right to access the right to request. the ccpa permit you to request and obtain from the company information regarding the disclosure of your personal data that ha been collected in the past 12 month by the company or it subsidiary to a third party for the third party s direct marketing purpose. the right to say no to the sale of personal data. you also have the right to ask the company not to sell your personal data to third party. you can submit such a request by visiting our do not sell my personal information section or web page. the right to know about your personal data. you have the right to request and obtain from the company information regarding the disclosure of the following the category of personal data collected the source from which the personal data wa collected the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal data category of third party with whom we share personal data the specific piece of personal data we collected about you the right to delete personal data. you also have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that have been collected in the past 12 month. the right not to be discriminated against. you have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your consumer s right including by denying good or service to you charging different price or rate for good or service including the use of discount or other benefit or imposing penalty providing a different level or quality of good or service to you suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for good or service or a different level or quality of good or service. exercising your ccpa data protection right in order to exercise any of your right under the ccpa and if you are a california resident you can email or call u or visit our do not sell my personal information section or web page. the company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 day of receiving your verifiable request. the time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 day when reasonable necessary and with prior notice. do not sell my personal information we do not sell personal information. however the service provider we partner with for example our advertising partner may use technology on the service that sell personal information a defined by the ccpa law. if you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest based advertising purpose and these potential sale a defined under ccpa law you may do so by following the instruction below. please note that any opt out is specific to the browser you use. you may need to opt out on every browser that you use. website you can opt out of receiving ad that are personalized a served by our service provider by following our instruction presented on the service from our cookie consent notice banner or from our ccpa opt out notice banner or from our do not sell my personal information notice banner or from our do not sell my personal information link the opt out will place a cookie on your computer that is unique to the browser you use to opt out. if you change browser or delete the cooky saved by your browser you will need to opt out again. mobile device your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ad that are targeted to your interest opt out of interest based ad or opt out of ad personalization on android device limit ad tracking on io device you can also stop the collection of location information from your mobile device by changing the preference on your mobile device. do not track policy a required by california online privacy protection act caloppa our service doe not respond to do not track signal. however some third party website do keep track of your browsing activity. if you are visiting such website you can set your preference in your web browser to inform website that you do not want to be tracked. you can enable or disable dnt by visiting the preference or setting page of your web browser. child s privacy our service doe not address anyone under the age of 13 we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child ha provided u with personal data please contact u. if we become aware that we have collected personal data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent we take step to remove that information from our server. we also may limit how we collect use and store some of the information of user between 13 and 18 year old. in some case this mean we will be unable to provide certain functionality of the service to these user. if we need to rely on consent a a legal basis for processing your information and your country requires consent from a parent we may require your parent s consent before we collect and use that information. link to other website our service may contain link to other website that are not operated by u. if you click on a third party link you will be directed to that third party s site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content privacy policy or practice of any third party site or service. change to this privacy policy we may update our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any change by posting the new privacy policy on this page. we will let you know via email and or a prominent notice on our service prior to the change becoming effective and update the last updated date at the top of this privacy policy. you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any change. change to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page. contact u if you have any question about this privacy policy you can contact u by email devon justblackmagic com 1 click to gettemporary email. 2 use temporaryemail on site youneed it for. 3 check the email forum response fromyour addressee do what you needto do. try it. special announcement protect your privacy with our free metadata remover support 10minutemail bitcoin address 1nzuibhrygh1i4wvzv5x5kx3vip9cfps3b home accolade blog f a q. about privacy policy change ad consent designed by dinosaur probably. created by devon hillard devon hillard digitalsanctuary copyright â 2007 2020