cookie policy of 1muslim cooky consist of portion of code installed in the browser that assist the owner in providing the service according to the purpose described. some of the purpose for which cooky are installed may also require the user s consent. where the installation of cooky is based on consent such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instruction provided in this document. technical cooky and cooky serving aggregated statistical purpose activity regarding the saving of preference optimization and statistic this application us cooky to save browsing preference and to optimize the user s browsing experience. among these cooky are for example those used for the setting of language and currency preference or for the management of first party statistic employed directly by the owner of the site. other type of cooky or third party that install cooky some of the service listed below collect statistic in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the user or may be managed directly by the owner depending on how they are described without the help of third party. if any third party operated service are listed among the tool below these may be used to track usersâ browsing habit â in addition to the information specified herein and without the ownerâ s knowledge. please refer to the privacy policy of the listed service for detailed information. analytics the service contained in this section enable the owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of user behavior. google analytics for firebase google llc google analytics for firebase or firebase analytics is an analytics service provided by google llc. in order to understand google s use of data consult google s partner policy. firebase analytics may share data with other tool provided by firebase such a crash reporting authentication remote config or notification. the user may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tool used by the owner. this application us identifier for mobile device including android advertising id or advertising identifier for io respectively and technology similar to cooky to run the firebase analytics service. user may opt out of certain firebase feature through applicable device setting such a the device advertising setting for mobile phone or by following the instruction in other firebase related section of this privacy policy if available. personal data collected cooky unique device identifier for advertising google advertiser id or idfa for example and usage data. place of processing united state â privacy policy. privacy shield participant. displaying content from external platform this type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platform directly from the page of this application and interact with them. this type of service might still collect web traffic data for the page where the service is installed even when user do not use it. google map widget google llc google map is a map visualization service provided by google llc that allows this application to incorporate content of this kind on it page. personal data collected cooky and usage data. place of processing united state â privacy policy. privacy shield participant. how to provide or withdraw consent to the installation of cooky in addition to what is specified in this document the user can manage preference for cooky directly from within their own browser and prevent â for example â third party from installing cooky through browser preference it is also possible to delete cooky installed in the past including the cooky that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of cooky by this website user can for example find information about how to manage cooky in the most commonly used browser at the following address google chrome mozilla firefox apple safari and microsoft internet explorer. with regard to cooky installed by third party user can manage their preference and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt out link if provided by using the mean provided in the third party s privacy policy or by contacting the third party. notwithstanding the above the owner informs that user may follow the instruction provided on the subsequently linked initiative by the edaa eu the network advertising initiative u and the digital advertising alliance u daac canada ddai japan or other similar service. such initiative allow user to select their tracking preference for most of the advertising tool. the owner thus recommends that user make use of these resource in addition to the information provided in this document. owner and data controller ruslan elmurzaev 8 per. karyerny po. groznensky grozny chechnya russia owner contact email support 1muslimapp com since the installation of third party cooky and other tracking system through the service used within this application cannot be technically controlled by the owner any specific reference to cooky and tracking system installed by third party are to be considered indicative. in order to obtain complete information the user is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third party service listed in this document. given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technology based on cooky user are encouraged to contact the owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of cooky by this application. definition and legal reference personal data or data any information that directly indirectly or in connection with other information â including a personal identification number â allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. usage data information collected automatically through this application or third party service employed in this application which can include the ip address or domain name of the computer utilized by the user who use this application the uri address uniform resource identifier the time of the request the method utilized to submit the request to the server the size of the file received in response the numerical code indicating the status of the server s answer successful outcome error etc. the country of origin the feature of the browser and the operating system utilized by the user the various time detail per visit e g the time spent on each page within the application and the detail about the path followed within the application with special reference to the sequence of page visited and other parameter about the device operating system and or the user s it environment. user the individual using this application who unless otherwise specified coincides with the data subject. data subject the natural person to whom the personal data refers. data processor or data supervisor the natural or legal person public authority agency or other body which process personal data on behalf of the controller a described in this privacy policy. data controller or owner the natural or legal person public authority agency or other body which alone or jointly with others determines the purpose and mean of the processing of personal data including the security measure concerning the operation and use of this application. the data controller unless otherwise specified is the owner of this application. this application the mean by which the personal data of the user is collected and processed. service the service provided by this application a described in the relative term if available and on this site application. european union or eu unless otherwise specified all reference made within this document to the european union include all current member state to the european union and the european economic area. cooky small set of data stored in the user s device. legal information this privacy statement ha been prepared based on provision of multiple legislation including art. 13 14 of regulation eu 2016 679 general data protection regulation. this privacy policy relates solely to this application if not stated otherwise within this document. latest update september 18 2018