privacy policy of 1muslim this application collect some personal data from it user. policy summary personal data collected for the following purpose and using the following service analytics google analytics for firebase personal data cooky unique device identifier for advertising google advertiser id or idfa for example and usage data beta testing google play beta testing and testflight personal data various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service contacting the user contact form personal data city email address and phone number device permission for personal data access device permission for personal data access personal data approximate location permission non continuous precise location permission non continuous and storage permission displaying content from external platform google map widget personal data cooky and usage data handling payment android pay and apple pay personal data various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service infrastructure monitoring crashlytics personal data geographic position unique device identifier for advertising google advertiser id or idfa for example and various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service location based interaction non continuous geolocation personal data geographic position further information about personal data push notification this application may send push notification to the user. contact information owner and data controller ruslan elmurzaev 8 per. karyerny po. groznensky grozny chechnya russia owner contact email support 1muslimapp com full policy owner and data controller ruslan elmurzaev 8 per. karyerny po. groznensky grozny chechnya russia owner contact email support 1muslimapp com type of data collected among the type of personal data that this application collect by itself or through third party there are cooky usage data unique device identifier for advertising google advertiser id or idfa for example phone number email address city precise location permission non continuous approximate location permission non continuous storage permission and geographic position. complete detail on each type of personal data collected are provided in the dedicated section of this privacy policy or by specific explanation text displayed prior to the data collection personal data may be freely provided by the user or in case of usage data collected automatically when using this application unless specified otherwise all data requested by this application is mandatory and failure to provide this data may make it impossible for this application to provide it service. in case where this application specifically state that some data is not mandatory user are free not to communicate this data without consequence to the availability or the functioning of the service user who are uncertain about which personal data is mandatory are welcome to contact the owner any use of cooky â or of other tracking tool â by this application or by the owner of third party service used by this application serf the purpose of providing the service required by the user in addition to any other purpose described in the present document and in the cookie policy if available. user are responsible for any third party personal data obtained published or shared through this application and confirm that they have the third party s consent to provide the data to the owner. mode and place of processing the data method of processing the owner take appropriate security measure to prevent unauthorized access disclosure modification or unauthorized destruction of the data the data processing is carried out using computer and or it enabled tool following organizational procedure and mode strictly related to the purpose indicated. in addition to the owner in some case the data may be accessible to certain type of person in charge involved with the operation of this application administration sale marketing legal system administration or external party such a third party technical service provider mail carrier hosting provider it company communication agency appointed if necessary a data processor by the owner. the updated list of these party may be requested from the owner at any time. legal basis of processing the owner may process personal data relating to user if one of the following applies user have given their consent for one or more specific purpose. note under some legislation the owner may be allowed to process personal data until the user object to such processing â opt outâ without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal base. this however doe not apply whenever the processing of personal data is subject to european data protection law provision of data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the user and or for any pre contractual obligation thereof processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the owner is subject processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the owner processing is necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interest pursued by the owner or by a third party. in any case the owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing and in particular whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. place the data is processed at the owner s operating office and in any other place where the party involved in the processing are located. depending on the user s location data transfer may involve transferring the user s data to a country other than their own. to find out more about the place of processing of such transferred data user can check the section containing detail about the processing of personal data. user are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of data transfer to a country outside the european union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more country such a the un and about the security measure taken by the owner to safeguard their data. if any such transfer take place user can find out more by checking the relevant section of this document or inquire with the owner using the information provided in the contact section. retention time personal data shall be processed and stored for a long a required by the purpose they have been collected for. therefore personal data collected for purpose related to the performance of a contract between the owner and the user shall be retained until such contract ha been fully performed. personal data collected for the purpose of the ownerâ s legitimate interest shall be retained a long a needed to fulfill such purpose. user may find specific information regarding the legitimate interest pursued by the owner within the relevant section of this document or by contacting the owner. the owner may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the user ha given consent to such processing a long a such consent is not withdrawn. furthermore the owner may be obliged to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. once the retention period expires personal data shall be deleted. therefore the right to access the right to erasure the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period. the purpose of processing the data concerning the user is collected to allow the owner to provide it service a well a for the following purpose analytics beta testing contacting the user device permission for personal data access location based interaction displaying content from external platform handling payment and infrastructure monitoring. user can find further detailed information about such purpose of processing and about the specific personal data used for each purpose in the respective section of this document. device permission for personal data access depending on the user s specific device this application may request certain permission that allow it to access the user s device data a described below. by default these permission must be granted by the user before the respective information can be accessed. once the permission ha been given it can be revoked by the user at any time. in order to revoke these permission user may refer to the device setting or contact the owner for support at the contact detail provided in the present document the exact procedure for controlling app permission may be dependent on the user s device and software. please note that the revoking of such permission might impact the proper functioning of this application. if user grant any of the permission listed below the respective personal data may be processed i e accessed to modified or removed by this application. approximate location permission non continuous used for accessing the user s approximate device location. this application may collect use and share user location data in order to provide location based service. the geographic location of the user is determined in a manner that isn t continuous. this mean that it is impossible for this application to derive the approximate position of the user on a continuous basis. precise location permission non continuous used for accessing the user s precise device location. this application may collect use and share user location data in order to provide location based service. the geographic location of the user is determined in a manner that isn t continuous. this mean that it is impossible for this application to derive the exact position of the user on a continuous basis. storage permission used for accessing shared external storage including the reading and adding of any item. detailed information on the processing of personal data personal data is collected for the following purpose and using the following service analytics the service contained in this section enable the owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of user behavior. google analytics for firebase google llc google analytics for firebase or firebase analytics is an analytics service provided by google llc. in order to understand google s use of data consult google s partner policy. firebase analytics may share data with other tool provided by firebase such a crash reporting authentication remote config or notification. the user may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tool used by the owner. this application us identifier for mobile device including android advertising id or advertising identifier for io respectively and technology similar to cooky to run the firebase analytics service. user may opt out of certain firebase feature through applicable device setting such a the device advertising setting for mobile phone or by following the instruction in other firebase related section of this privacy policy if available. personal data collected cooky unique device identifier for advertising google advertiser id or idfa for example and usage data. place of processing united state â privacy policy. privacy shield participant. beta testing this type of service make it possible to manage user access to this application or part of it for the purpose of testing a certain feature or the entire application. the service provider may automatically collect data related to crash and statistic related to the user s use of this application in a personally identifiable form. google play beta testing google llc google play beta testing is a beta testing service provided by google llc. personal data collected various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing united state â privacy policy. testflight apple inc testflight is a beta testing service provided by apple inc personal data collected various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing united state â privacy policy. contacting the user contact form this application by filling in the contact form with their data the user authorizes this application to use these detail to reply to request for information quote or any other kind of request a indicated by the formâ s header. personal data collected city email address and phone number. device permission for personal data access this application request certain permission from user that allow it to access the user s device data a described below. device permission for personal data access this application this application request certain permission from user that allow it to access the user s device data a summarized here and described within this document. personal data collected approximate location permission non continuous precise location permission non continuous and storage permission. displaying content from external platform this type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platform directly from the page of this application and interact with them. this type of service might still collect web traffic data for the page where the service is installed even when user do not use it. google map widget google llc google map is a map visualization service provided by google llc that allows this application to incorporate content of this kind on it page. personal data collected cooky and usage data. place of processing united state â privacy policy. privacy shield participant. handling payment payment processing service enable this application to process payment by credit card bank transfer or other mean. to ensure greater security this application share only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediary handling the transaction. some of these service may also enable the sending of timed message to the user such a email containing invoice or notification concerning the payment. android pay google llc android pay is a payment service provided by google inc which allows user to make payment using their mobile phone. personal data collected various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing united state â privacy policy. apple pay apple inc apple pay is a payment service provided by apple inc which allows user to make payment using their mobile phone. personal data collected various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing united state â privacy policy. infrastructure monitoring this type of service allows this application to monitor the use and behavior of it component so it performance operation maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved. which personal data are processed depends on the characteristic and mode of implementation of these service whose function is to filter the activity of this application. crashlytics google llc crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by google llc. personal data collected geographic position unique device identifier for advertising google advertiser id or idfa for example and various type of data a specified in the privacy policy of the service. place of processing united state â privacy policy. location based interaction non continuous geolocation this application this application may collect use and share user location data in order to provide location based service. most browser and device provide tool to opt out from this feature by default. if explicit authorization ha been provided the userâ s location data may be tracked by this application. the geographic location of the user is determined in a manner that isn t continuous either at the specific request of the user or when the user doesn t point out it current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically. personal data collected geographic position. further information about personal data push notification this application may send push notification to the user. the right of user user may exercise certain right regarding their data processed by the owner. in particular user have the right to do the following withdraw their consent at any time. user have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their personal data. object to processing of their data. user have the right to object to the processing of their data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. further detail are provided in the dedicated section below. access their data. user have the right to learn if data is being processed by the owner obtain disclosure regarding certain aspect of the processing and obtain a copy of the data undergoing processing. verify and seek rectification. user have the right to verify the accuracy of their data and ask for it to be updated or corrected. restrict the processing of their data. user have the right under certain circumstance to restrict the processing of their data. in this case the owner will not process their data for any purpose other than storing it. have their personal data deleted or otherwise removed. user have the right under certain circumstance to obtain the erasure of their data from the owner. receive their data and have it transferred to another controller. user have the right to receive their data in a structured commonly used and machine readable format and if technically feasible to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. this provision is applicable provided that the data is processed by automated mean and that the processing is based on the user s consent on a contract which the user is part of or on pre contractual obligation thereof. lodge a complaint. user have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority. detail about the right to object to processing where personal data is processed for a public interest in the exercise of an official authority vested in the owner or for the purpose of the legitimate interest pursued by the owner user may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection. user must know that however should their personal data be processed for direct marketing purpose they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. to learn whether the owner is processing personal data for direct marketing purpose user may refer to the relevant section of this document. how to exercise these right any request to exercise user right can be directed to the owner through the contact detail provided in this document. these request can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the owner a early a possible and always within one month. cookie policy this application us cooky. to learn more and for a detailed cookie notice the user may consult the cookie policy. additional information about data collection and processing legal action the user s personal data may be used for legal purpose by the owner in court or in the stage leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this application or the related service the user declares to be aware that the owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authority. additional information about user s personal data in addition to the information contained in this privacy policy this application may provide the user with additional and contextual information concerning particular service or the collection and processing of personal data upon request. system log and maintenance for operation and maintenance purpose this application and any third party service may collect file that record interaction with this application system log use other personal data such a the ip address for this purpose. information not contained in this policy more detail concerning the collection or processing of personal data may be requested from the owner at any time. please see the contact information at the beginning of this document. how â do not trackâ request are handled this application doe not support â do not trackâ request to determine whether any of the third party service it us honor the â do not trackâ request please read their privacy policy. change to this privacy policy the owner reserve the right to make change to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to it user on this page and possibly within this application and or a far a technically and legally feasible sending a notice to user via any contact information available to the owner. it is strongly recommended to check this page often referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. should the change affect processing activity performed on the basis of the userâ s consent the owner shall collect new consent from the user where required. definition and legal reference personal data or data any information that directly indirectly or in connection with other information â including a personal identification number â allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. usage data information collected automatically through this application or third party service employed in this application which can include the ip address or domain name of the computer utilized by the user who use this application the uri address uniform resource identifier the time of the request the method utilized to submit the request to the server the size of the file received in response the numerical code indicating the status of the server s answer successful outcome error etc. the country of origin the feature of the browser and the operating system utilized by the user the various time detail per visit e g the time spent on each page within the application and the detail about the path followed within the application with special reference to the sequence of page visited and other parameter about the device operating system and or the user s it environment. user the individual using this application who unless otherwise specified coincides with the data subject. data subject the natural person to whom the personal data refers. data processor or data supervisor the natural or legal person public authority agency or other body which process personal data on behalf of the controller a described in this privacy policy. data controller or owner the natural or legal person public authority agency or other body which alone or jointly with others determines the purpose and mean of the processing of personal data including the security measure concerning the operation and use of this application. the data controller unless otherwise specified is the owner of this application. this application the mean by which the personal data of the user is collected and processed. service the service provided by this application a described in the relative term if available and on this site application. european union or eu unless otherwise specified all reference made within this document to the european union include all current member state to the european union and the european economic area. cooky small set of data stored in the user s device. legal information this privacy statement ha been prepared based on provision of multiple legislation including art. 13 14 of regulation eu 2016 679 general data protection regulation. this privacy policy relates solely to this application if not stated otherwise within this document. latest update september 18 2018