term and condition of 1muslim these term govern the use of this application and any other related agreement or legal relationship with the owner in a legally binding way. capitalized word are defined in the relevant dedicated section of this document. the user must read this document carefully. the owner offer product through the app store. although the entire contractual relationship relating to these product is entered into solely by the owner and user user acknowledge and agree that apple may enforce these term a a third party beneficiary. this application is provided by ruslan elmurzaev 8 per. karerny po. groznensky grozny russian federation 364061 owner contact email support 1muslimapp com what the user should know at a glance please note that some provision in these term may only apply to certain category of user. in particular certain provision may only apply to consumer or to those user that do not qualify a consumer. such limitation are always explicitly mentioned within each affected clause. in the absence of any such mention clause apply to all user. term of useunless otherwise specified the term of use detailed in this section apply generally when using this application. single or additional condition of use or access may apply in specific scenario and in such case are additionally indicated within this document. by using this application user confirm to meet the following requirement there are no restriction for user in term of being consumer or business user user arenâ t located in a country that is subject to a u s government embargo or that ha been designated by the u s government a a â terrorist supportingâ country user arenâ t listed on any u s government list of prohibited or restricted party content on this application unless where otherwise specified or clearly recognizable all content available on this application is owned or provided by the owner or it licensors. the owner undertakes it utmost effort to ensure that the content provided on this application infringes no applicable legal provision or third party right. however it may not always be possible to achieve such a result. in such case without prejudice to any legal prerogative of user to enforce their right user are kindly asked to preferably report related complaint using the contact detail provided in this document. right regarding content on this application all right reserved the owner hold and reserve all intellectual property right for any such content. user may not therefore use such content in any way that is not necessary or implicit in the proper use of the service. in particular but without limitation user may not copy download share beyond the limit set forth below modify translate transform publish transmit sell sublicense edit transfer assign to third party or create derivative work from the content available on this application nor allow any third party to do so through the user or their device even without the user s knowledge. where explicitly stated on this application the user may download copy and or share some content available through this application for it sole personal and non commercial use and provided that the copyright attribution and all the other attribution requested by the owner are correctly implemented. any applicable statutory limitation or exception to copyright shall stay unaffected. access to external resource through this application user may have access to external resource provided by third party. user acknowledge and accept that the owner ha no control over such resource and is therefore not responsible for their content and availability. condition applicable to any resource provided by third party including those applicable to any possible grant of right in content result from each such third partiesâ term and condition or in the absence of those applicable statutory law. acceptable use this application and the service may only be used within the scope of what they are provided for under these term and applicable law. user are solely responsible for making sure that their use of this application and or the service violates no applicable law regulation or third party right. therefore the owner reserve the right to take any appropriate measure to protect it legitimate interest including by denying user access to this application or the service terminating contract reporting any misconduct performed through this application or the service to the competent authority â such a judicial or administrative authority whenever user engage or are suspected to engage in any of the following activity violate law regulation and or these term infringe any third party right considerably impair the ownerâ s legitimate interest offend the owner or any third party. term and condition of salepaid product some of the product provided on this application a part of the service are provided on the basis of payment. the fee duration and condition applicable to the purchase of such product are described below and in the dedicated section of this application. product description price description or availability of product are outlined in the respective section of this application and are subject to change without notice. while product on this application are presented with the greatest accuracy technically possible representation through photo image color sound or any other mean is for reference only and implies no warranty a to the characteristic of the purchased product. the characteristic of the chosen product will be outlined during the purchasing process. all notification related to the described purchasing process shall be sent to the email address provided by the user for such purpose. price user are informed during the purchasing process and before order submission about any fee tax and cost including if any delivery cost that they will be charged. price on this application are displayed including all applicable fee tax and cost method of payment information related to accepted payment method are made available during the purchasing process. some payment method may only be available subject to additional condition or fee. in such case related information can be found in the dedicated section of this application. all payment are independently processed through third party service. therefore this application doe not collect any payment information â such a credit card detail â but only receives a notification once the payment ha been successfully completed. if payment through the available method fail or is refused by the payment service provider the owner shall be under no obligation to fulfil the purchase order. any possible cost or fee resulting from the failed or refused payment shall be borne by the user. purchase via app store this application or specific product available for sale on this application must be purchased via a third party app store. to access such purchase user must follow the instruction provided on the relevant online store such a apple app store or google play which may vary depending on the particular device in use. unless otherwise specified purchase done via third party online store are also subject to such third partiesâ term and condition which in case of any inconsistency or conflict shall always prevail upon these term. user purchasing through such third party online store must therefore read such term and condition of sale carefully and accept them. retention of usage right user do not acquire any right to use the purchased product until the total purchase price is received by the owner. deliveryperformance of service the purchased service shall be performed or made available within the timeframe specified on this application or a communicated before the order submission. contract durationtrial period user have the option to test this application or selected product during a limited and non renewable trial period at no cost. some feature or function of this application may not be available to user during the trial period. further condition applicable to the trial period including it duration will be specified on this application. the trial period shall automatically convert into the equivalent paid product unless the user cancel the purchase before the trial period expires. subscription subscription allow user to receive a product continuously or regularly over a determined period of time. paid subscription begin on the day the payment is received by the owner. in order to maintain subscription user must pay the required recurring fee in a timely manner. failure to do so may cause service interruption. subscription handled via apple id user may subscribe to a product using the apple id associated with their apple app store account by using the relevant process on this application. when doing so user acknowledge and accept that any payment due shall be charged to their apple id account subscription are automatically renewed for the same duration unless the user cancel at least 24 hour before the current period expires any and all fee or payment due for renewal will be charged within 24 hour before the end of the current period subscription can be managed or cancelled in the usersâ apple app store account setting. the above shall prevail upon any conflicting or diverging provision of these term. liability and indemnificationaustralian userslimitation of liability nothing in these term excludes restricts or modifies any guarantee condition warranty right or remedy which the user may have under the competition and consumer act 2010 cth or any similar state and territory legislation and which cannot be excluded restricted or modified non excludable right. to the fullest extent permitted by law our liability to the user including liability for a breach of a non excludable right and liability which is not otherwise excluded under these term of use is limited at the ownerâ s sole discretion to the re performance of the service or the payment of the cost of having the service supplied again. u usersdisclaimer of warranty this application is provided strictly on an â a isâ and â a availableâ basis. use of the service is at usersâ own risk. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law the owner expressly disclaims all condition representation and warranty â whether express implied statutory or otherwise including but not limited to any implied warranty of merchantability fitness for a particular purpose or non infringement of third party right. no advice or information whether oral or written obtained by user from owner or through the service will create any warranty not expressly stated herein. without limiting the foregoing the owner it subsidiary affiliate licensors officer director agent co branders partner supplier and employee do not warrant that the content is accurate reliable or correct. that the service will meet usersâ requirement. that the service will be available at any particular time or location uninterrupted or secure. that any defect or error will be corrected. or that the service is free of virus or other harmful component. any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is downloaded at user own risk and user shall be solely responsible for any damage to usersâ computer system or mobile device or loss of data that result from such download or usersâ use of the service. the owner doe not warrant endorse guarantee or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the service or any hyperlinked website or service and the owner shall not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between user and third party provider of product or service. the service may become inaccessible or it may not function properly with usersâ web browser mobile device and or operating system. the owner cannot be held liable for any perceived or actual damage arising from service content operation or use of this service. federal law some state and other jurisdiction do not allow the exclusion and limitation of certain implied warranty. the above exclusion may not apply to user. this agreement give user specific legal right and user may also have other right which vary from state to state. the disclaimer and exclusion under this agreement shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. limitation of liability to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law in no event shall the owner and it subsidiary affiliate officer director agent co branders partner supplier and employee be liable for any indirect punitive incidental special consequential or exemplary damage including without limitation damage for loss of profit goodwill use data or other intangible loss arising out of or relating to the use of or inability to use the service. and any damage loss or injury resulting from hacking tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the service or user account or the information contained therein any error mistake or inaccuracy of content personal injury or property damage of any nature whatsoever resulting from user access to or use of the service any unauthorized access to or use of the ownerâ s secure server and or any and all personal information stored therein any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the service any bug virus trojan horse or the like that may be transmitted to or through the service any error or omission in any content or for any loss or damage incurred a a result of the use of any content posted emailed transmitted or otherwise made available through the service. and or the defamatory offensive or illegal conduct of any user or third party. in no event shall the owner and it subsidiary affiliate officer director agent co branders partner supplier and employee be liable for any claim proceeding liability obligation damage loss or cost in an amount exceeding the amount paid by user to the owner hereunder in the preceding 12 month or the period of duration of this agreement between the owner and user whichever is shorter. this limitation of liability section shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction whether the alleged liability is based on contract tort negligence strict liability or any other basis even if company ha been advised of the possibility of such damage. some jurisdiction do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damage therefore the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to user. the term give user specific legal right and user may also have other right which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. the disclaimer exclusion and limitation of liability under the term shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. indemnification the user agrees to defend indemnify and hold the owner and it subsidiary affiliate officer director agent co branders partner supplier and employee harmless from and against any and all claim or demand damage obligation loss liability cost or debt and expense including but not limited to legal fee and expense arising from userâ s use of and access to the service including any data or content transmitted or received by user userâ s violation of these term including but not limited to userâ s breach of any of the representation and warranty set forth in these term userâ s violation of any third party right including but not limited to any right of privacy or intellectual property right userâ s violation of any statutory law rule or regulation any content that is submitted from userâ s account including third party access with userâ s unique username password or other security measure if applicable including but not limited to misleading false or inaccurate information userâ s willful misconduct. or statutory provision by user or it affiliate officer director agent co branders partner supplier and employee to the extent allowed by applicable law. common provisionsno waiver the ownerâ s failure to assert any right or provision under these term shall not constitute a waiver of any such right or provision. no waiver shall be considered a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. service interruption to ensure the best possible service level the owner reserve the right to interrupt the service for maintenance system update or any other change informing the user appropriately. within the limit of law the owner may also decide to suspend or terminate the service altogether. if the service is terminated the owner will cooperate with user to enable them to withdraw personal data or information in accordance with applicable law. additionally the service might not be available due to reason outside the ownerâ s reasonable control such a â force majeureâ eg. labor action infrastructural breakdown or blackout etc. service reselling user may not reproduce duplicate copy sell resell or exploit any portion of this application and of it service without the ownerâ s express prior written permission granted either directly or through a legitimate reselling program. privacy policy to learn more about the use of their personal data user may refer to the privacy policy of this application. intellectual property right without prejudice to any more specific provision of these term any intellectual property right such a copyright trademark right patent right and design right related to this application are the exclusive property of the owner or it licensors and are subject to the protection granted by applicable law or international treaty relating to intellectual property. all trademark â nominal or figurative â and all other mark trade name service mark word mark illustration image or logo appearing in connection with this application are and remain the exclusive property of the owner or it licensors and are subject to the protection granted by applicable law or international treaty related to intellectual property. change to these term the owner reserve the right to amend or otherwise modify these term at any time. in such case the owner will appropriately inform the user of these change. such change will only affect the relationship with the user for the future. the continued use of the service will signify the userâ s acceptance of the revised term. if user do not wish to be bound by the change they must stop using the service. failure to accept the revised term may entitle either party to terminate the agreement. the applicable previous version will govern the relationship prior to the user s acceptance. the user can obtain any previous version from the owner. if required by applicable law the owner will specify the date by which the modified term will enter into force. assignment of contract the owner reserve the right to transfer assign dispose of by novation or subcontract any or all right or obligation under these term taking the userâ s legitimate interest into account. provision regarding change of these term will apply accordingly. user may not assign or transfer their right or obligation under these term in any way without the written permission of the owner. contact all communication relating to the use of this application must be sent using the contact information stated in this document. severability should any provision of these term be deemed or become invalid or unenforceable under applicable law the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provision which shall remain in full force and effect. eu user should any provision of these term be or be deemed void invalid or unenforceable the party shall do their best to find in an amicable way an agreement on valid and enforceable provision thereby substituting the void invalid or unenforceable part. in case of failure to do so the void invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by the applicable statutory provision if so permitted or stated under the applicable law. without prejudice to the above the nullity invalidity or the impossibility to enforce a particular provision of these term shall not nullify the entire agreement unless the severed provision are essential to the agreement or of such importance that the party would not have entered into the contract if they had known that the provision would not be valid or in case where the remaining provision would translate into an unacceptable hardship on any of the party. u user any such invalid or unenforceable provision will be interpreted construed and reformed to the extent reasonably required to render it valid enforceable and consistent with it original intent. these term constitute the entire agreement between user and the owner with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all other communication including but not limited to all prior agreement between the party with respect to such subject matter. these term will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. governing law these term are governed by the law of the place where the owner is based a disclosed in the relevant section of this document without regard to conflict of law principle. exception for european consumer however regardless of the above if the user qualifies a a european consumer and ha their habitual residence in a country where the law provides for a higher consumer protection standard such higher standard shall prevail. venue of jurisdiction the exclusive competence to decide on any controversy resulting from or connected to these term lie with the court of the place where the owner is based a displayed in the relevant section of this document. exception for european consumer the above doe not apply to any user that qualify a european consumer nor to consumer based in switzerland norway or iceland. definition and legal reference this application or this application the property that enables the provision of the service. agreement any legally binding or contractual relationship between the owner and the user governed by these term. business user any user that doe not qualify a a consumer. european or europe applies where a user is physically present or ha their registered office within the eu regardless of nationality. owner or we indicates the natural person s or legal entity that provides this application and or the service to user. product a good or service available for purchase through this application such a e g. physical good digital file software booking service etc. the sale of product may be part of the service. service the service provided by this application a described in these term and on this application. term all provision applicable to the use of this application and or the service a described in this document including any other related document or agreement and a updated from time to time. user or you indicates any natural person or legal entity using this application. consumer any user qualifying a a natural person who access good or service for personal use or more generally act for purpose outside their trade business craft or profession. latest update december 29 2019