last updated april 23 2019these term of service â termsâ â term of serviceâ â agreementâ or â service agreementâ govern your relationship with the 1password service the â serviceâ operated by agilebits inc â usâ â weâ or â ourâ. it is important that you read this carefully because you will be legally bound to these term. your access to and use of the service is based on your acceptance of and compliance with these term. these term apply to all visitor user customer and others who access or use the service. by accessing or using the service you agree to be bound by these term and accept all legal consequence. if you do not agree to the term and condition of this agreement in whole or in part please do not use the service description of servicethe â serviceâ mean a agilebitsâ password managing secure document storing administrative and related system and technology a well a the website http 1password com the â siteâ and b all software including the software a defined below application data text image and other content made available by or on behalf of agilebits. any modification to the service are also subject to these term. agilebits reserve the right to modify or discontinue the service or any feature or functionality thereof at any time without notice. all right title and interest in and to the service will remain with and belong exclusively to agilebits subscriptionssome part of the service are billed on a subscription basis â subscription s. you will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis â billing cycleâ. billing cycle are set on a regular basis typically monthly or yearly. at the end of each billing cycle your subscription will automatically renew under the same condition unless you cancel it or agilebits inc cancel it. you may cancel your subscription renewal either through your online account management page or by contacting agilebits inc customer support team. a valid payment method including credit card is required to process the payment for your subscription. you shall provide agilebits inc or it third party payment processor with accurate and complete billing information including full name address state zip code and valid payment method information. by submitting such payment information you automatically authorize agilebits inc to charge all subscription fee incurred through your account to any such payment instrument. all amount paid are non refundable. you further agree to be responsible for all tax associated with the service along with any transaction fee and currency conversion added by your financial institution and intermediary. all amount are in u dollar free trialagilebits inc may at it sole discretion offer a subscription with a free trial for a limited period of time â free trialâ. you may be required to enter your billing information in order to sign up for the free trial. if you do enter your billing information when signing up for the free trial you will not be charged by agilebits inc until the free trial ha expired. on the last day of the free trial period unless you cancelled your subscription you will be automatically charged the applicable subscription fee for the type of subscription you have selected. at any time and without notice agilebits inc reserve the right to i modify the term and condition of the free trial offer or ii cancel such free trial offer fee changesagilebits inc in it sole discretion and at any time may modify the subscription fee for the subscription. any subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then current billing cycle. agilebits inc will provide you with reasonable prior notice of any change in subscription fee to give you an opportunity to terminate your subscription before such change becomes effective. your continued use of the service after the subscription fee change come into effect constitutes your agreement to pay the modified subscription fee amount refundswhile all amount paid are non refundable certain refund request for subscription may be considered by agilebits inc on a case by case basis and granted at the sole discretion of agilebits inc accountswhen you create an account with u you must provide u information that is accurate complete and current at all time. failure to do so constitutes a breach of the term. you are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the service and for any activity or action under your password whether your password is with our service or a third party service. you agree not to disclose your password to any third party. you must notify u immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. you may not use a a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use a name or trademark that is subject to any right of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization or a name that is otherwise offensive vulgar or obscene intellectual propertythe service and all content including but not limited to text image graphic or code are the property of agilebits inc and are protected by copyright trademark database and other intellectual property right. you may display and copy download or print portion of the material from the different area of the service only for your own non commercial use. any other use is strictly prohibited and may violate copyright trademark and other law. these term do not grant you a license to use any trademark of agilebits inc or it affiliate. you further agree not to use change or delete any proprietary notice from material downloaded from the service user generated contentâ your dataâ mean any data and content which you upload store retrieve or otherwise make available through the service. you retain all of the right to your data. you agree to grant agilebits inc a license to store retrieve backup restore and otherwise copy your data so that we may provide you with the service link to other web sitesthe service may contain link to third party web site or service that are not owned or controlled by agilebits inc agilebits inc ha no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content privacy policy or practice of any third party web site or service. you further acknowledge and agree that agilebits inc shall not be responsible or liable directly or indirectly for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content good or service available on or through any such website or service. we strongly advise you to read the term and condition and privacy policy of any third party web site or service that you visit operational emailsthe service may send operational email including but not limited to billing email account activity email and service update. these are required to provide the service terminationyou are entitled to cease using our service at any time and for any reason without notice to u but you will continue to be charged for service until you cancel your account by logging in or contacting u. our duty is to keep our service a safe and well maintained a possible. to this end we may need to terminate account for violation of these term. in the following circumstance we will provide notice to you prior to termination of your account a you are in breach of these term. or b you are using our service in a way that can cause or ha caused a risk of harm or loss to either agilebits or our other customer. in such an event our notice will be via email to all or any of the registered account holder which includes but is not limited to â family organizersâ and â team ownersâ a they are listed in your account at the time of notice. if you remedy the issue that cause u to send the notice to our satisfaction then we will not terminate your access or license to our service. if you do not remedy the outstanding cause of our termination notice in these circumstance then we will terminate your account. in the event of such a termination we will provide you with the ability to take your data with you. there are three very limited circumstance in which we will be unable to send notice to you prior to terminating your access to our service i you are in material breach of these term in such a way a to immediately and seriously endanger u and other user. ii we are unable to send you notice because this would cause u legal liability or a disruption to our service. and iii we are unable to notify you due to law. if we terminate your account for the reason outlined in i iii then we will work with you to ensure you retain copy of your data wherever permitted by law. all provision of the term shall survive termination including without limitation ownership provision warranty disclaimer indemnity and limitation of liability. upon termination your right to use the service will immediately cease limitation of liabilityagilebits inc it director employee partner agent supplier or affiliate shall not be liable for a any loss or damage indirect incidental special consequential or punitive damage including without limitation economic loss loss or damage to electronic medium or data goodwill or other intangible loss or b for any amount in the aggregate in excess of the fee actually paid by you in the six 6 month preceding the event giving rise to your claim resulting from i your access to or use of the service. ii your inability to access or use the service. iii any conduct or content of any third party on or related to the service. iv any content obtained from or through the service. and v the unauthorized access to use of or alteration of your transmission or content whether based on warranty contract tort including negligence or any other claim in law whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of it essential purpose disclaimer and non waiver of rightsagilebits inc make no guarantee representation or warranty of any kind a regard the website and associated technology. any purportedly applicable warranty term and condition are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. your use of the service is at your sole risk. the service is provided on an â a isâ and â a availableâ basis. the service is provided without warranty of any kind whether express or implied including but not limited to implied warranty of merchantability fitness for a particular purpose non infringement or course of performance except a provided for under the law of any province in canada. in such case the provincial law shall apply to the extent necessary. agilebits inc it subsidiary affiliate and it licensors do not warrant that a the service will function uninterrupted secure or available at any particular time or location. b any error or defect will be corrected. c the service is free of virus or other harmful component. or d the result of using the service will meet your requirement. if you breach any of these term and agilebits inc chooses not to immediately act or chooses not to act at all agilebits inc will still be entitled to all right and remedy at any later date or in any other situation where you breach these term. agilebits inc doe not waive any of it right. agilebits inc shall not be responsible for any purported breach of these term caused by circumstance beyond it control. a person who is not a party to these term shall have no right of enforcement. you may not assign sub license or otherwise transfer any of your right under these term exclusionsas set out above some jurisdiction do not allow the exclusion of certain warranty or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damage so the limitation above may not apply to you. provincial law of canada may apply to certain product and service provided governing lawthese term shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the law in the province of ontario and the law of canada a applicable. if any provision of these term is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction then any remaining provision of these term will remain in effect. these term constitute the entire agreement between u regarding our service and supersede and replace any prior agreement oral or otherwise regarding the service dispute resolutionall dispute and question whatsoever which shall arise between agilebits inc and you in connection with this service agreement or the construction or application thereof or any provision contained in this service agreement or a to any act deed or omission of any party or a to any other matter in any way relating to this service agreement shall be resolved by arbitration. such arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator. the arbitrator shall be appointed by agreement between the party or in default of such agreement such arbitrator shall be appointed by a judge of the superior court of justice sitting in toronto upon the application of any of the party and such judge shall be entitled to act a such arbitrator if he or she so desire. unless otherwise agreed to by the party arbitration shall be held in the city of toronto province of ontario. the procedure to be followed shall be agreed to by the party or in default of such agreement determined by the arbitrator. the arbitration shall proceed in accordance with the provision of the arbitration act 1991 ontario. the arbitrator shall have the power to proceed with the arbitration and to deliver his or her award notwithstanding the default by any party in respect of any procedural order made by the arbitrator. the decision arrived at by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and no appeal shall lie therefrom. judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction changeswe reserve the right at our sole discretion to modify or replace these term at any time. if a revision is material we will make reasonable effort to provide at least 30 daysâ notice prior to any new term taking effect. what constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. by continuing to access or use our service after those revision become effective you agree to be bound by the revised term. if you do not agree to the new term in whole or in part please stop using the website and the service. the change log section below is not a part of these term nor is the term of service archive or any content linked therefrom contact usif you have any question about these term you can contact our support team or write u by mail at suite 303 49 spadina ave toronto ontario m5v 2j1 canada ð thanks for reading. â ï change log2019 04 04 we added a section about operational email 2018 10 26 we changed our office address 2017 09 08 we clarified what happens if we part way archived revision