last updated july 3 2019your privacy is important to u. this privacy policy explains the personal data that agilebits collect and process how it process data and for what purpose it is collected and processed. this privacy policy further describes our commitment to preserving the privacy and security of your personal data. this policy applies to the interaction that agilebits ha with you through your use of agilebits 1password product and service brief overview of our commitment to privacyat agilebits we believe that the less information we know about you the better. after all it is impossible to lose misuse or abuse information we donâ t have. to the extent that we have control over your data or data about you we see ourselves a custodian of that data on your behalf. we use your data solely to provide you with service in which you enroll. our business is providing 1password product and service to you the customer. we have no desire or interest to use or transfer the limited data we acquire for any other purpose who we areagilebits is a canadian company located at suite 303 49 spadina ave toronto ontario m5v 2j1 canada. agilebits complies with canadian privacy law. we are fully compliant with the canadian privacy law and the gdpr. the european union â euâ recognizes canada a a destination country with â adequate level of protectionâ for data privacy of individual. we are not u s eu privacy shield certified since we are a canadian company who are youunless otherwise noted we refer you the customer a an owner or organizer of an individual family team or business account. if you represent an organization such a a business or educational institution that utilizes 1password product or service through enterprise account or if you are an end user of 1password product or a 1password account provided by your organization please see the 1password enterprise account section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data non ownersif you are a non owner member of a team business or family account your use of 1password may be subject to your organizationâ s privacy policy or practice if any. non owner member of an account transfer some of the right described here to the account owner personal data we collect and how we use your personal datawe do not collect or obtain data from third party. we collect some data from you in order to provide you with our 1password product and associated service. you provide some data directly such a when you create a 1password account when you register for a 1password event or a webinar or contact u for support. such data is limited to your email address only. we get some limited data from your use of the 1password product and service. such data includes your ip address and the make and model of your device through which you access or use 1password product or service. we use your personal data to provide you with service associated with the use of 1password account and to provide you with a rich customer experience through our customer support. in particular we use your data to provide 1password service which includes updating securing and troubleshooting and providing support. the following is a more detailed description of the type of 1password account user data we process two kind of user data to deliver our service i secure data and ii service data. both are treated securely with respect for customer privacy and data confidentiality but there are important technical and usage difference. i secure datasecure data are the data that we are not capable of decrypting under any circumstance. it includes all information stored within vault in 1password account. these data are encrypted using secure cryptographic key that exist only in the possession and under the control of our customer. we have no way of accessing or providing decrypted secure data and we never receive copy of unencrypted secure data. your secure data is your property. we claim no right to it beyond those necessary to deliver service to you. you may add modify and delete secure data at your discretion. if you do not have a 1password account you cannot provide u with secure data. ii service datawe inevitably acquire service data about your usage of 1password your account and your payment through operating our service. we retain only enough service data to operate and maintain the service. these data are never used for any other purpose. service data are kept confidential. it is visible to our staff and includes but is not limited to server log billing information client ip address number of vault and number of item in vault company or family name and email address. service data includes the name you provide u for your profile and any image that you may upload at your option and discretion a part of your profile. a long a you are using our service we retain the right to hold and use service data to provide our service troubleshoot problem analyze the performance and demand on our service and to provide our payment processor with the information they need to process payment. iii diagnostic data optional diagnostic data are a category of service data which are not automatically collected or required for operation of our service. in some case we seek diagnostic report and other troubleshooting bug and crash report from customer to help identify and solve problem with our product and service. this information is sent to u only on a case by case basis or by user who explicitly opt into our beta software program or who otherwise explicitly choose to provide diagnostic data to u. diagnostic data may contain sensitive information about your device and operating environment a well a personally identifying information. although there may be occasion when we ask for diagnostic data to assist you with a problem you are never obligated to provide it. diagnostic data never includes decrypted secure data. we will never ask for your master password or secret key keeping your information safewe understand and accept our responsibility to protect service data and secure data. we use strict access control mechanism network isolation and encryption to ensure that secure and service data is only available to authorized personnel. additionally secure data cannot be decrypted even by those who do have access to it compliance with the lawsagilebits fully complies with the canadian privacy law and the gdpr. agilebits is a canadian company we are not u s e u. privacy shield certified. if you are affiliated to an organization who provides you with 1password account through it enterprise level account then there may be additional requirement for u to meet based on the contract with the organization. for further information please read below the section 1password product or account provided by your organization data location and transfer1password eu data are held on server located within the european union. data originating in the european union remains within the european union. service data access is restricted to member of our staff residing in either the eu or canada. the european union recognizes canada a a destination country with â adequate level of protectionâ for data privacy of individual customer support systemour customer support and email service are hosted primarily in the united state. any information you choose send u through email or our customer support system may pas through and be stored on a variety of intermediate service. if you wish you may encrypt email to u using our pgp public key third party data processorsyour secure and service data are held by third party data processor who provide u with hosting and other infrastructure service. the location of these are described above. in many case but we cannot promise that this will always be the case even service data held by these entity is encrypted with key held only by u. data needed to process payment is collected by our payment processor stripe inc which conforms to the u s e u. privacy shield framework. see http stripe com privacy shield policycontacting youwe may use your contact information that is the contact email address provided by you to communicate with you about service activity provide support and send you other information such a product update and announcement. you may choose to stop receiving communication from u except certain important notification such a billing and account security alert your responsibility for protecting your datawhen you create a 1password account you will receive a secret key and will be prompted to create a master password. your secret key is generated on your computer and your master password is something you create yourself. for your protection you should create a strong and unique master password to ensure that it is not easily guessed. it is extremely important that you understand that anyone with both your secret key and master password can access your secure data. it is equally important that you keep a copy in a safe place for your own reference because future access to your secure data depends on having access to both your secret key and your master password. we will never ask you for your master password or your full secret key and you should never send it to u or anyone. due to the nature of our design and the sensitivity of the information you entrust to u even in encrypted form it may not be possible for u to help you with certain customer service request unless you are listed a an account owner and are communicating from your verified email address. in the event that you change your email address is very important that you update your email on your 1password account s or you may eventually lose access data protection principle that we practice i data portabilitywe want happy customer not trapped one. we will not lock you out of your own data. however we are unable to decrypt your secure data. you will need your master password and secret key to decrypt it. you may export your 1password data at any time you wish during the life of your account. if you discontinue payment your account will enter a frozen read only state for a period not less than six month during which you may still retrieve and export your data. export is limited to your secure data. vault permission the structure of group of individual and other information about the relationship between individual and data is not guaranteed to be included in export. ii your right to know to what we knowyou have the right to know what we know about you and to see how that data is handled. you may request a screenshot of what we can see about you in our back office system. however to protect customer privacy such request must be carefully authenticated beyond demonstrating control of the customerâ s email address. iii your right to have your data erasedas we are merely custodian of your data account owner have the right to instruct u to remove data permanently from our system. to ensure that no oneâ s data is deleted without their consent you must first delete your account through an authenticated session. after your account ha been deleted the account owner may contact u and ask for the data to be expunged. once the request is authenticated the data will be removed from our active system within 72 hour. disaster recovery and data availability requirement mean that agilebits ha a legitimate interest in maintaining secure and immutable backup. backup are kept for 35 day. erasure request will leave those backup untouched and we will only remove data from backup if legally compelled to. iv your right to access and control your personal datayou can also make choice about collection and use of your data by agilebits. you can control your personal data and exercise your data protection right by contacting agilebits at the address and information provided below. you can add remove edit change any data that are in the 1password vault. if you are an affiliate of an organization which provides you with the access to 1password account and service there may be certain restriction to the above based on your affiliate organizationâ s privacy or other similar policy. for further detail please review below the section under 1password product or account provided by your organization cooky and trackingwe do not engage in or support cross service tracking. we do set and use cooky small text file placed on your device on our own domain and subdomains to store setting that assist with identifying your account for sign in. we also use third party analytics package for our public page that may set cooky on your computer. these are limited to our domain and do not involve cross service tracking. you may disable cooky in your browser and continue to use our service without impact. client application including web browser will store information about your account to assist with future sign in and keep some information available to you when you are not signed in. user may remove all such information from their device but doing so will require that they provide complete information account detail master password and secret key on subsequent sign in consent for underage enrollmentthose under the age of 16 may not use the service without the consent or authorization of their parent or legal custodian. family account organizer and team owner are responsible for that authorization when they add someone under the age of 16 to an account disclosurewe will comply with applicable law and the contract with our customer to provide service data and encrypted secure data to law enforcement agency. if permitted we will notify you of such a request and whether or not we have complied. your secure data remains encrypted with key which we do not possess and so we can only hand over secure data in encrypted form. some service data is made available to family account organizer and team owner. in some limited circumstance we may provide some information to non owner member of these account. account owner will be informed in these circumstance breach notificationin an event of a breach we recognize our responsibility to our customer and to the public to disclose the nature of the risk and provide a transparent account of the event without undue delay. we follow applicable requirement under the law that is the canadian data privacy breach notification requirement and the requirement related to data breach notification under the gdpr 1password product or account provided by your organizationwhen we offer 1password product and service to you through your organization we continue to adhere to the canadian privacy law and the data protection requirement under the gdpr. we follow the canadian data privacy law and the gdpr in addition to any requirement under the contract with your organization to ensure that your data are located and if applicable appropriately transferred. if you use a 1password product or 1password account to access our product and service and such 1password product or 1password account wa provided by the organization that you are affiliated with that organization is the controller or the administrator of your 1password product or 1password account. your organization can access and process your data associated with your 1password product or account. if your organization provides you with access to 1password product or 1password account your use of the product or account is subject to your organisationâ s policy if any. you should direct your privacy inquiry including any request to exercise your data protection right to your organizationâ s administrator. we are not responsible for the privacy or security practice of your organization which may differ from those set out in this privacy policy. if you lose access to the organization that you are affiliated with for example if you change your employment you may lose access to 1password product or 1password account and the content or data associated with such product or account update to our privacy policyat our discretion we may make change to this policy and note the date of the last revision. you should check here frequently if you need to know of update to our privacy policy. we maintain the right to send you annoying email informing you of substantive change. previous version will be made available from this page contact usif you have any question about this policy you can contact our support team or write u by mail at suite 303 49 spadina ave toronto ontario m5v 2j1 canada supervisory authorityif you have concern or complaint about this policy or practice with regard to that you do not feel you can resolve through contacting u you should bring those concern to your local regulatory authority. for resident of the european union our primary supervisory authority is the berlin commissioner for data protection and information freedom. berliner beauftragte fã¼r datenschutz und informationsfreiheit friedrichstr. 219 10969 berlin germany tel. 49 30 13889 0 fax 49 30 2155050 e mail mailbox datenschutz berlin de http www datenschutz berlin de ð thanks for reading. â ï glossary agilebits we our service provider agilebits inc a canadian company located at suite 303 49 spadina ave toronto ontario m5v 2j1 canada. owner and operator of 1password. a data processor we include agilebitsâ employee and subcontractor appointed by agilebits. data processor data processor a defined by the gdpr. we and the subprocessors hosting service payment processor we appoint are the data processor. master password a user secret that along with the userâ s secret key is necessary to decrypt secure data. agilebits staff staff our director employee and subcontractor gdpr european unionâ s general data protection regulation decrypt decryption transforms encrypted data back to it original form. it cannot be performed without the appropriate cryptographic key. encrypt encryption encryption transforms usable data into a form that conceals all information contained in the original data. this data transformation us a cryptographic key. owner organizer business and family account which allow for multiple member will have owner or organizer. owner and organizer have some right over the data belonging to member of the business or family. personal data a defined under the canadian privacy law and the gdpr. secret key a user secret typically stored on the userâ s device that is necessary along with the userâ s master password to decrypt secure data. subprocessor anyone other than u who we have appointed to process customer data. subprocessors can see no more data than we can see. example include our data hosting provider and payment processor. supervisory authority a local regulator under the gdpr which ha the job of seeing that we protect your data properly. secure data data encrypted with key derived from the userâ s master password and secret key. this data cannot be decrypted by agilebits. service data data about a user account which is available to agilebits. you data subject you are the data subject a defined in the gdpr. in general we are addressing â youâ a the owner or organizer of an individual family team or business account. change log 2019 07 03 added clarifying language related to gdpr. 2018 10 26 we changed our office address. 2018 05 11 list gdpr supervisory authority. 2018 04 04 typographical error corrected. no change in meaning. 2018 03 15 more explicity include data processing agreement gdpr status of agilebits contractor and employee wrt to data processing gdpr more gdpr term in the glossary. open with a statement of purpose of this document business account explicitly discus philosophy that customer ha right to their own data spirit of gdpr right of erasure gdpr right to access gdpr breach notification gdpr 2017 09 07 we clarified how we help you keep your data when we part way. we also expanded on how your secure data is handled on our end