data privacy policy last update december 14 2021 1plusx data privacy policy in the following policy we would like to provide information about how we handle your personal data in accordance with art. 13 of the general data protection regulation gdpr. 1 controller the controller for the data collection and processing described below is 1plusx ag eichenstrasse 2 8808 pfã ffikon switzerland email privacy 1plusx com 2 representative in the eu according to gdpr article 27 data subject who are in the eu can also contact our representative in the eu mr marco dohmen 1plusx ag c o workrepublic neuer wall 71 20354 hamburg germany. email marco dohmen 1plusx com. 3 data processing for our websiteâ s operation in the following we would like to inform you about how we handle your personal data when you visit our website. 3 1 usage data when you visit our webpage usage data is temporarily processed on our web server to technically enable you to call up our web page. this data record consists of the name and address of the requested content the date and time of the request the amount of data transferred the access status content transferred content not found the description of the web browser and operating system used the referral link which indicates the page from which you came to ours the ip address of the requesting computer which is shortened so that a personal reference can no longer be established. we process your usage data in accordance with art. 6 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr in our legitimate interest to be able to provide you with a functional website. subsequently the data record are anonymized by shortening your ip address to evaluate them for statistical purpose and improve the quality of our website and to store them in a log. 3 2 cookiebot consent banner on our website we use the consent banner â cookiebotâ of the provider cybot a s havnegade 39 1058 copenhagen denmark within the scope of a commissioned processing relationship according to art 28 gdpr. the data processing by cookiebot is carried out on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr for the purpose of and in our legitimate interest to be able to use cooky and similar technology on our website in a data protection compliant manner and to enable you to easily withdraw your consent. if you provide consent via our consent banner cybot process the following data your ip address the date and time of consent the user agent of the end userâ s browser the url from which the consent wa sent a pseudonymous random and encrypted key key your consent status which serf a proof of your consent. your data is logged on cybotâ s server. your ip address is shortened by removing the last three digit so that a personal reference can no longer be established. your key and consent status are also stored in the cookie â cookieconsentâ in the browser of your end device for a period of 12 month. in this way our website is able to check your consent status for all subsequent and future page view and to activate or deactivate them in accordance with your decision to use cooky and other technology when you return to the page. the verification is done by matching the key and consent status from the â cookieconsentâ cookie with the value provided to cybot when you gave your consent to ensure that the status of your original consent ha not changed. for more information about cybotâ s handling of personal data please visit http www cookiebot com de privacy policy. 3 3 cookie policy of 1plusx com below you will find our guideline and explanation on the use of cooky and similar technique on our website. the content is automatically displayed a a script via our consent banner system cookiebot. for proper display and function your browser setting must allow for the loading of script nbsp. our consent banner can also be retrieved at any given time via the link privacy setting in our footer at the bottom of the page. cooky are small text file that are stored on your terminal device and can be read. a distinction is made between session cooky which are deleted a soon a you close your browser and permanent cooky which are stored for a certain period of time beyond the individual session nbsp. in addition to cooky we may use the local storage memory of your browser to store and read data. in addition we may integrate pixel into our website. pixel are small individualized image file that are loaded when a page is loaded and can be used to track user activity. finally we may use tag marker on our web page. tag are small html or java script code fragment or marker that enable service for website analysis or user tracking to distinguish or identify user and track specific user activity. you can set your browser if necessary also through extension add ons so that it informs you about the placement of cooky and similar technique. thus the storage reading downloading or execution of data in cooky and similar technique will be transparent to you nbsp. in addition you can control the use of cooky and similar technique on our website through our consent banner by providing or revoking consent there nbsp. please note that without the use of certain cooky and similar technique our website may not be displayed correctly and some function may no longer be technically available. the processing of your data may also take place in country outside the european union eu and the european economic area eea in third country without an adequate level of data protection. if your data is transferred to third country in particular to the usa there is a risk that authority there may access your data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or being able to appeal. your consent applies to the following domain www 1plusx com your current state deny. your current state do not sell my personal information. your current state allow selection necessary preference statistic marketing. your current state allow all. your consent id 0consent date change your consent withdraw your consentdo not sell my personal information cookie declaration last updated on 12 14 21 by cookiebot necessary 23 on our website we use cooky and similar technique that are technically necessary for site functionality. technically necessary required cooky and similar technique are used for example to enable basic function of a website such a page navigation access to private area the security of the website in general and the display of information. for this purpose information is stored on your terminal device and read by u. in part these cooky and similar technology only contain information about certain setting and are not personally identifiable. without such cooky and similar technique a website will not function correctly. we do not use these technically necessary cooky and similar technique for analysis tracking or advertising purpose below we list the technically necessary cooky and similar technique purpose and storage period a well a third party provider if applicable and provide information on the transfer to third country. name provider purpose expiry type _ce cch www 1plusx com store the user s cookie consent state for the current domain session http cookie _grecaptcha www 1plusx com this cookie is used to distinguish between human and bot. this is beneficial for the website in order to make valid report on the use of their website. persistent html local storage _grecaptcha google this cookie is used to distinguish between human and bot. this is beneficial for the website in order to make valid report on the use of their website. 179 day http cookie apbct_visible_fields cdn exchangewire com used by the website to identify and eliminate spam on the website s comment function. session http cookie bp_user registered cc cdn civiccomputing com register whether the user is logged in. this allows the website owner to make part of the website inaccessible based on the user s log in status. 5000 day http cookie bp_user role cc cdn civiccomputing com register whether the user is logged in. this allows the website owner to make part of the website inaccessible based on the user s log in status. 5000 day http cookie bp_ut_session cc cdn civiccomputing com determines which part of the website should be accessible for the specific user based on login status geographical location or other parameter. 5000 day http cookie cookieconsent x2 cookiebot store the user s cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year http cookie ct_checked_emails cdn exchangewire com used in order to detect spam and improve the website s security. session http cookie ct_checkjs cdn exchangewire com used in order to detect spam and improve the website s security. session http cookie ct_fkp_timestamp cdn exchangewire com used in order to detect spam and improve the website s security. session http cookie ct_has_scrolled cdn exchangewire com this cookie is used to distinguish between human and bot. session http cookie ct_pointer_data cdn exchangewire com used in order to detect spam and improve the website s security. session http cookie ct_ps_timestamp cdn exchangewire com used in order to detect spam and improve the website s security. session http cookie ct_screen_info cdn exchangewire com used in order to detect spam and improve the website s security. session http cookie ct_timezone cdn exchangewire com used in order to detect spam and improve the website s security. session http cookie li_gc linkedin store the user s cookie consent state for the current domain 2 year http cookie rc a google this cookie is used to distinguish between human and bot. this is beneficial for the website in order to make valid report on the use of their website. persistent html local storage rc b google this cookie is used to distinguish between human and bot. session html local storage rc c google this cookie is used to distinguish between human and bot. session html local storage rc e google this cookie is used to distinguish between human and bot. session html local storage test_cookie google used to check if the user s browser support cooky. 1 day http cookie preference 2 in order to make our website more appealing and relevant to you we use preference cooky and similar technique in which your personal setting for the display and use of our website are stored. for this purpose information is stored and read on your terminal device. the processing of data by technically required cooky and similar technique is based on legitimate interest pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr. if data is processed outside the eu or the eea in this context we take measure to ensure the appropriate level of data protection in accordance with art. 44 et seq. gdpr. the processing of data by preference statistical and marketing cooky and similar technique is based on your consent pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr. if this involves processing data outside the eu or eea we transfer your data on the basis of your consent pursuant to art. 49 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr. preference cooky and similar technology ensure that your setting for how a website behaves or look in your browser e g. your preferred language are automatically reloaded when you retrieve the webpage. below we list the preference cooky and similar technique purpose and storage period a well a third party provider if applicable and provide information on the transfer to third country. name provider purpose expiry type lang x2 linkedin remembers the user s selected language version of a website session http cookie statistic 9 we use statistical cooky and similar technique to create user profile on the basis of pseudonym in order to design our website to meet the need of our customer. for this purpose information is stored on your terminal device and selected nbsp. pseudonym enable individual recognition of user. however the natural person behind a pseudonym can regularly not be identified directly in particular by name without further additional data. in addition it is possible that we retrieve recognition feature for your browser or terminal device e g. a so called browser fingerprint or your unabbreviated ip address in order to recognize and count returning visitor and to evaluate their interaction pseudonymously nbsp. in the following we name the statistic cooky and similar technique purpose and storage duration a well a third party provider if applicable and provide information on transmission to third country. name provider purpose expiry type _ce s www 1plusx com collect data on the userâ s navigation and behavior on the website. this is used to compile statistical report and heatmaps for the website owner. 1 year http cookie _ga x2 www 1plusx comgoogle register a unique id that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor us the website. 2 year http cookie _gat x2 www 1plusx comgoogle used by google analytics to throttle request rate 1 day http cookie _gid x2 www 1plusx comgoogle register a unique id that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor us the website. 1 day http cookie analyticssynchistory linkedin used in connection with data synchronization with third party analysis service. 29 day http cookie ce_clock www 1plusx com set a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. this is used for analytical purpose on the website. persistent html local storage marketing 19 we use marketing cooky and similar technology so that you can be shown cross device targeted advertising on third party website and to recognize how effective our advertising measure have been. when you visit our website we or third party provider used by u may evaluate your ip address create pseudonymous recognition feature for your browser or terminal device e g. browser fingerprint store them there or read them. these characteristic can be used by provider of tracking service and advertising network operator and other site operator to recognize your terminal device. we can then order these provider to display advertising for you on other website based on the page you visit on our site. furthermore your interaction with the advertisement placed by u can be tracked. this make it possible to track whether you were shown an advertisement placed by u whether you clicked on it and subsequently visited our website and how you subsequently used our website. third party provider can also exchange and match pseudonymous recognition feature id with each other in order to merge the feature in the event of a match and assign them to the same user pseudonym so called id matching syncing. this allows advertising to be played across different advertising network. if you log in to social network or online service of the third party provider with your own user data feature can also be linked to your user data. this enables the third party provider to control our advertising campaign in a more targeted and interest oriented manner. below we list the marketing cooky and similar technique purpose and storage duration a well a third party provider if applicable and provide information on the transfer to third country. name provider purpose expiry type __gads google used to register what ad have been displayed to the user. 1 year http cookie ad ga audience google used by google adwords to re engage visitor that are likely to convert to customer based on the visitor s online behaviour across website. session pixel tracker bcookie linkedin used by the social networking service linkedin for tracking the use of embedded service. 2 year http cookie bscookie linkedin used by the social networking service linkedin for tracking the use of embedded service. 2 year http cookie googleadservingtest google used to register what ad have been displayed to the user. session http cookie ide google used by google doubleclick to register and report the website user s action after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser s ad with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ad to the user. 1 year http cookie lidc linkedin used by the social networking service linkedin for tracking the use of embedded service. 1 day http cookie pagead 1p user list google track if the user ha shown interest in specific product or event across multiple website and detects how the user navigates between site. this is used for measurement of advertisement effort and facilitates payment of referral fee between website. session pixel tracker usermatchhistory linkedin used to track visitor on multiple website in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor s preference. 29 day http cookie visitor_info1_live youtube try to estimate the user bandwidth on page with integrated youtube video. 179 day http cookie ysc youtube register a unique id to keep statistic of what video from youtube the user ha seen. session http cookie ytidb last_result_entry_key youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video persistent html local storage yt remote cast available youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video session html local storage yt remote cast installed youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video session html local storage yt remote connected device youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video persistent html local storage yt remote device id youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video persistent html local storage yt remote fast check period youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video session html local storage yt remote session app youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video session html local storage yt remote session name youtube store the user s video player preference using embedded youtube video session html local storage unclassified 4 unclassified cooky are cooky that we are in the process of classifying together with the provider of individual cooky. name provider purpose expiry type _ce gtld www 1plusx com pending session http cookie apbct_pixel_url cdn exchangewire com pending session http cookie ce_successful_csp_check www 1plusx com pending persistent html local storage ct_mouse_moved cdn exchangewire com pending session http cookie 3 4 google tag manager on our website we integrate the â google tag managerâ of google llc 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view california 94043 usa. in the european union eu and the european economic area eea google tag manager is offered a a service by google ireland limited gordon house barrow street dublin 4 ireland. google tag manager is a tag management system tm that allows u to integrate and manage additional website content in javascript or html code. in particular so called tag can be integrated and managed on our website. tag are small code fragment or marking web beacon tracking pixel or similar marking that allow service to distinguish or identify user for website analysis or user tracking purpose. the analysis of website visit or user tracking is not carried out by the google tag manager but by the service used for these purpose such a google analytics or other third party solution. rather the google tag manager merely serf to integrate and manage the tag necessary for analysis or tracking into our website. since the google tag manager is provided by google and is reloaded from it server when the page is called up the usage data technically required for calling up the page is also transmitted. google also receives your ip address which is technically required to retrieve the content nbsp. the data processing is based on art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr. the purpose and our legitimate interest are to efficiently manage our website content. data processing may also take place outside the eu or eea in third country. there is a risk that authority in third country may access the data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or having legal recourse. we therefore take measure in accordance with art. 44 et seq. gdpr to ensure an adequate level of data protection despite these risk. in principle we have no influence on further data processing by the third party provider. further information on the handling of personal data by google can be found at http policy google com privacy hl de. 3 5 website analytics and tracking 3 5 1 google analytics we use the web analytics service â google analyticsâ of google llc 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view california 94043 usa for the demand oriented design of our website. in the european union eu and the european economic area eea google analytics is offered a a service by google ireland limited gordon house barrow street dublin 4 ireland which support u a a processor according to art. 28 gdpr. google analytics creates usage profile based on pseudonym and usage data. in the process user interaction such a button click scroll depth and the use of filtering and search function are also recorded. for this purpose permanent cooky are stored on your terminal device and read by u. in this way we are able to recognize returning visitor and count them a such. collected data is stored by u in google analytics for a period of 26 month. data processing is based on your consent pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr provided you have given your consent via our consent banner. your consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future pursuant to art. 7 3 gdpr. you can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on â change your consentâ or via the link â privacy settingsâ. in this context the processing of your data may also take place in country outside the european union eu and the european economic area eea in third country without an adequate level of data protection in particular in the usa. if your data is transferred to third country there is a risk that authority there may access your data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or being able to appeal. we transfer your data to third country on the basis of your consent pursuant to art. 49 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr. in principle we have no influence on further data processing by the third party provider. for more information on the handling of personal data by google please visit http policy google com privacy hl de. 3 5 2 google ad conversion tracking on our website we integrate the â google ad conversion trackingâ of google llc 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view california 94043 usa. in the european union eu and the european economic area eea google ad conversion tracking is offered a a service by google ireland limited gordon house barrow street dublin 4 ireland. if an ad placed by u via google ad is displayed to you on other website or if you click on it these other website store a google ad conversion tracking cookie with a pseudonym assigned to u in your terminal device on the basis of your consent given there. if you subsequently visit our website within the storage period of this cookie this cookie will be read by google ad conversion tracking on our website. in this way google can determine that you were shown an advertisement placed by u or that you clicked on it and subsequently visited our website a well a if applicable how you subsequently used our website. the conversion of an advertisement into action by the website visitor is referred to a a conversion. from this information google ad creates statistic for u from which we can see how many user have responded to our advertisement and in what way. based on these statistic we can optimize the effectiveness of our advertising and control our advertising strategy. data processing is based on your consent pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr provided you have given your consent via our consent banner. your consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future pursuant to art. 7 3 gdpr. you can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on â change your consentâ or via the link â privacy settingsâ. in this context the processing of your data may also take place in country outside the european union eu and the european economic area eea in third country without an adequate level of data protection in particular in the usa. if your data is transferred to third country there is a risk that authority there may access your data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or being able to appeal. we transfer your data to third country on the basis of your consent pursuant to art. 49 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr. in principle we have no influence on further data processing by the third party provider. for more information on the handling of personal data by google please visit http policy google com privacy hl de. 3 5 3 crazy egg we use the ux tool crazy egg on our website crazy egg inc 6220 e ridgeview lane la mirada ca 90638 usa. crazy egg. the tool us cooky to help to analyze anonymous user clicking behavior and navigation. this information generated by the cookie about your use of the 1plusx website is transferred to crazy eggâ s server in the usa and stored there. if you donâ t wish to be tracked you can stop crazy egg from collecting cookie data related to your website usage ip address included and terminate processing of data by crazy egg you can opt out here http www crazyegg com opt ouâ in depth information about nbsp. data collection and processing nbsp. by crazy egg can be found here http www crazyegg com privacâ 3 5 4 linkedin insight tag we use the linkedin insight tag a piece of java script code to track conversion retarget website visitor and analyze additional user interaction with our linkedin post and advertising. the linkedin insight tag enables the collection of metadata such a ip address information timestamp and event such a page view. all data is encrypted. the linkedin browser cookie is stored in a visitorâ s browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires thereâ s a rolling six month expiration from the last time the visitorâ s browser loaded the insight tag. you can opt out of cooky on your linkedin setting page. visit their cookie policy for more information. the data processing is based on your consent pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr provided that you have given your consent via our consent banner. your consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future pursuant to art. 7 3 gdpr. you can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on â change your consentâ or via the link â privacy settingsâ. data processing may also take place outside the eu or eea in third country. there is a risk that authority in third country may access the data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or having legal recourse. we transfer your data to third country on the basis of your consent pursuant to art. 49 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr. in principle we have no influence on further data processing by the third party provider. for more information on the handling of personal data by hotjar please visit http de linkedin com legal cookie policy. 3 6 google recaptcha to protect our web form from automated request we use so called captchas. within the captcha function you may be asked to solve task or click on checkboxes. the user input in this context and if necessary the mouse movement are used to estimate whether the input come from a human being or an automated program. the captcha embedding is based on art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr and in the interest of protection against spam and abuse. if you do not wish this data processing please refrain from using our web form. 3 7 â contact usâ form you have the possibility to contact u via our contact form. to use our contact form we need the data provided in the contact form from you. these are email address subject and the message or request itself. we use this data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr to be able to answer your inquiry a promptly and accurately a possible. your data will only be processed to answer your inquiry. we will delete your data if it is no longer required and there are no legal retention obligation to the contrary. with regard to processing pursuant to art. 6 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr you have the right to object at any time. for this purpose please contact the e mail address stated in the imprint. you may also subscribe to the 1plusx newsletter and other marketing communication by registering your email and opt in found in the footer of each page on our website. please refer to section 3 10 in this privacy policy. 3 8 content downloads content downloads when you download content off our content hub or other part of our site we store the data you submit through the form. this data is only used to deliver the requested content and to keep a record that we have been in touch with you. you may also subscribe to the 1plusx newsletter and other marketing communication by registering your email and opt in found in the footer of each page on our website. please refer to section 3 10 in this privacy policy. 3 9 â book a demoâ form you have the option to contact u by clicking on â book a demoâ. to be able to contact you a an interested party and potential customer with a view to initiate further contact we collect and process the data to be entered in the input mask. these are your first and last name your email address your company country a well a telephone number and your request itself. the legal basis is the necessity to carry out pre contractual measure according to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. b gdpr or the legitimate interest according to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr to contact you for an interest in concluding a contract with the company for which you have requested u. your data will only be processed to respond to your inquiry. we delete your data if they are no longer required and there are no legal retention obligation to the contrary. with regard to processing pursuant to art. 6 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr you have the right to object at any time. for this purpose please contact the email address stated in the imprint. you may also subscribe to the 1plusx newsletter and other marketing communication by registering your email and opt in found in the footer of each page on our website. please refer to section 3 10 in this privacy policy. 3 10 marketing communication on each page of our website we offer you the opportunity to subscribe to 1plusx marketing communication such a our newsletter. a part of the registration process we process your email address to inform you by email about our product service event and promotion. in addition a part of our newsletter or marketing communication tracking we process data at the time you opened the respective email a well a on your other interaction with the content e g. click on further link or the percentage at which you read the email. we process this data to check the effectiveness of our marketing communication and to optimize our relevant content. the legal basis for data processing is your consent pursuant to art. 6 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr. your consent is voluntary and can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future pursuant to art. 7 3 gdpr. if you no longer wish to receive 1plusx communication you can unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link that you will find in every newsletter or marketing communication we send you. you can also declare your wish to cancel all 1plusx marketing communication by sending an to privacy 1plusx com. in the context of our marketing communication we transmit your data to hubspot inc 25 first street cambridge ma 02141 usa which is a strictly instruction bound and accordingly contractually obligated service provider vi ã vi u within the scope of order processing pursuant to art. 28 gdpr. further information on the handling of personal data can be found at http legal hubspot com privacy policy. data processing may also take place outside the eu or eea in third country. there is a risk that authority in third country may access the data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or being able to appeal. we therefore take measure in accordance with art. 44 et seq. gdpr to ensure an adequate level of data protection despite these risk. 3 11 social plugins we enable you to use social plugins for twitter facebook and linkedin. for reason of data protection however we only integrate the social plugins we use in deactivated form. when you call up our website no data is therefore transmitted to social medium service. however you have the option of activating and using the social plugins integrated into our website. for this purpose we use a solution that result in all data and function required to display the social plugin being provided by our web server in a first step. only when you decide to activate the respective social plugin and click on the corresponding preview image or icon a connection to the server of the operator of the respective social medium service is established by your browser in a second step. when you activate a plugin the social medium service receives in particular your ip address and among other thing knowledge about your visit to our website. this occurs regardless of whether you have an account with the respective social medium service. if you are logged in the data can be directly assigned to your social medium profile. overall we have no influence on whether and to what extent the respective social medium service process personal data after activation. however it is likely that the social medium service will create usage profile from your data and use them for the purpose of personalized advertising. in addition your data will be used to inform other user of the social medium service about your activity on our website nbsp. the embedding is based on your consent pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr provided that you have given your consent by clicking on the preview image. please note that the embedding of many social plugins lead to your data being processed outside the eu or eea. in some country there is a risk that authority may access the data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or being able to appeal. if we use provider in unsafe third country and you consent the transfer to an unsafe third country will be based on art. 49 1 lit. a gdpr. if you no longer wish your personal data to be processed by the activated social plugins you can prevent future processing by no longer clicking on the preview image or icon of the respective social plugin. 3 12 job application via our website when applying for a career through our website we may store your uploaded document for up to 12 month a suitable position may become available at a later stage since applying. please note that if you click on one of our job advertisement you will be taken to a page of bamboo hr llc 335 south 560 west lindon ut 84042 1911 usa where our job advertisement are stored. in this context the processing of your data may also take place in country outside the european union eu and the european economic area eea in third country without an adequate level of data protection in particular in the usa. if your data is transferred to third country there is a risk that authority there may access your data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or being able to appeal. we transfer your data to third country on the basis of your consent pursuant to art. 49 1 p 1 lit. a gdpr. in principle we have no influence on further data processing by the third party provider. for more information on the handling of personal data by bamboo hr please visit nbsp. http www bamboohr com privacy policy. 4 further data processing activity in the following we would like to inform you about other data processing activity in which we may process your personal data. 4 1 general processing of business contact data if you are in contact with u or have a contractual relationship with u for example a a supplier customer interested party or business partner we may process your data in our program such a our crm system to the extent necessary for the respective purpose. we process and store this data there for a long a necessary or a long a statutory retention obligation may exist. the legal basis is our legitimate interest in a practicable implementation and maintenance of our business relationship in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr. 4 2 data processing for the assertion exercise or defense of legal claim in addition we process your data in individual case for the purpose and in the interest of asserting exercising and defending legal claim provided that your data is relevant to a legal dispute. the legal basis for the processing of your data is art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr. if necessary your data will be transmitted in individual case to the required extent to investigating authority lawyer expert court or bailiff. 4 3 data processing for the documentation of data protection compliance insofar a you provide u with a declaration of consent on our website we process your personal data in order to be able to prove that you have consented to the data processing in question a part of the accountability obligation incumbent upon u under article 5 2 gdpr. insofar a you exercise your data subject right under the gdpr towards u we also process your personal data in order to be able to prove within the scope of the accountability obligation pursuant to art. 5 2 gdpr that we have complied with the gdpr when processing your request. in addition it may happen that we forward your personal data in connection with an inquiry to our company data protection officer who advises u on all data protection issue and support u in particular in processing inquiry from data subject in connection with the assertion of the right mentioned below. in each case the processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. c gdpr. 4 4 data processing for the fulfillment of other legal obligation finally we process personal data if this is necessary for the fulfillment of a legal obligation. the legal basis for the processing of your data in these case is art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. c gdpr in conjunction with the respective legal norm that imposes such an obligation on u. if necessary your data will be transmitted in individual case to the required extent to auditor financial or investigative authority lawyer expert or court. 4 5 data transfer to independent third party in the event of company restructuring for the purpose of and in the interest of preparing and carrying out the sale of individual legal asset of our company or individual part of our company for the purpose of making a profit we transfer personal customer data to acquirer. the legal basis for this is art. 6 para. 1 p 1 lit. f gdpr. 5 recipient or category of recipient of personal data the recipient of your data a well a data transfer to third country have already been indicated separately in some case in the data processing described above. furthermore we may transfer your data to service provider who support u for example in the operation of our website or communication tool used for example a hosting or cloud service provider if the legal data protection requirement are met. for example if the data protection requirement are met we transmit personal data to authority such a billing data if applicable to tax authority. if contract under data protection law are required for the transfer we have concluded corresponding contract with the service provider. insofar a data processing may also take place outside the eu or eea in third country there is a risk that authority in third country may access the data for security and monitoring purpose without you being informed or having the right to appeal. we therefore take measure in accordance with art. 44 et seq. gdpr to ensure an adequate level of data protection despite these risk for example by concluding standard contractual clause with our service provider in conjunction with further technical measure. 6 storage period of data unless a specific storage period is specified separately for the data processing described above we process your data a long a this is necessary to achieve the stated purpose or a separately granted declaration of consent to longer storage is available. we then delete your data from all our operational system. we proceed in the same way if in the case of processing based on the consent granted to u pursuant to art. 6 1 sentence 1 lit. a gdpr you exercise your right of revocation pursuant to art. 7 3 gdpr or in the case of processing based on legitimate interest pursuant to art. 6 1 sentence 1 lit. f gdpr you exercise your right of objection pursuant to art. 21 gdpr and the condition stated therein are met. in particular insofar a in the event of your objection there are demonstrably compelling ground for further processing by u that outweigh your interest right and freedom a a data subject this would continue to be permissible. the same applies if the processing serf the assertion exercise or defense of legal claim by u. insofar a the fulfillment of a legal retention obligation imposed on u precludes deletion we transfer the data concerned to archive and restrict further processing for the duration of the retention period. in this case final deletion will only take place after the retention period ha expired. 7 voluntariness of the provision of your data the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually required. however in certain case it is necessary for you to be able to use the service offered on our website. failure to provide personal data may result in our website being restricted in their function or in you not being able to use the service offered. 8 your right when processing your personal data the gdpr grant you certain right a a data subject 8 1 right of access by the data subject art. 15 gdpr you have the right to obtain confirmation a to whether personal data concerning you is being processed. if this is the case you have a right to be informed of this personal data and to receive the information specified in art. 15 gdpr. 8 2 right to rectification art. 16 gdpr you have the right to rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you and taking into account the purpose of the processing the right to have incomplete personal data completed including by mean of providing a supplementary statement without delay. 8 3 right to erasure art. 17 gdpr you have the right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay if one of the reason listed in art. 17 gdpr applies. 8 4 right to restriction of processing art. 18 gdpr you have the right to request the restriction of processing if one of the condition listed in art. 18 gdpr is met e g. if you have objected to the processing for the duration of our examination. 8 5 right to data portability art. 20 gdpr in certain case which are listed in detail in art. 20 gdpr you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured commonly used and machine readable format or to request that this data be transferred to a third party. 8 6 right to object art. 21 gdpr if data is collected on the basis of art. 6 1 1 f gdpr data processing for the purpose of our legitimate interest or on the basis of art. 6 1 1 e gdpr data processing for the purpose of protecting public interest or in the exercise of official authority you have the right to object to the processing at any time for reason arising from your particular situation. we will then no longer process the personal data unless there are compelling legitimate ground for the processing which override your interest right and freedom or if data is still needed for the establishment exercise or defence of legal claim. 8 7 right to withdraw consent art. 7 gdpr if the processing of data is based on your consent you are entitled to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data at any time in accordance with art. 7 3 gdpr. please note that the withdrawal is only effective for the future. processing that took place before the withdrawal is not affected. 8 8 right of complaint to a supervisory authority art. 77 gdpr according to art. 77 gdpr you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection regulation. this right may be asserted in particular with a supervisory authority in the member state of your habitual residence your place of work or the place of the suspected infringement. 9 contact detail of the data protection officer our company data protection officer will be happy to provide you with information or suggestion on the subject of data protection. please contact u at privacy 1plusx com. 10 amendment of this data protection declaration this data protection declaration wa last updated on 14 12 2021. 1plusx s privacy policy data management platform 1plusx collect and process data a a data processor on behalf of our customer. data collection is used among other thing to deliver relevant advertising or content to improve the user experience and to enhance analytical skill for our customer. our customer have privacy policy in place which explain the usage the data security and your choice a a user regarding your data. if you have a cookie from u set in your browser it mean it ha been set from u a a data processor to enable our service to our customer the data controller. all your user right can be executed directly on the privacy policy of our customer. partner of 1plusx while 1plusx actively communicates high data protection standard to it partner through contractual agreement and other measure the partner themselves are responsible for compliance and therefore 1plusx cannot be held liable for any violation of the 1plusx data protection guideline by one of the partner used by 1plusx. 1plusx work together with the following partner for the playout of advertising adform adition technology contact impact dreamlab facebook google ad manager google display amp. video 360 improve digital madvertise mediamath mailchimp one by aol rubicon project smart ad server xandr yieldlab when working with these partner some data is also transmitted to their ad server some of which may be located in country outside the european union. this is pseudonymised cookie information cookie id or device id and the assignment to relevant advertising segment. in this respect it is ensured that an appropriate level of data protection exists in each case. opt in and opt out 1plusx adheres to the europe wide principle of the edaa the online behavioral advertising framework. 1plusx is also an official vendor of the iab transparency and consent framework a listed here. you can perform a cross customer opt in and a cross customer opt out via the â your ad choicesâ management by our partner your online choice. to opt out or opt in click http www youronlinechoices com uk your ad choice additional request related to the 1plusx data management platform for additional request related to the data collection and data processing of 1plusxâ s data management platform please send an email to nbsp. privacy 1plusx com. according to gdpr article 27 data subject who are in the eu can also contact our representative in the eu mr marco dohmen 1plusx ag c o workrepublic neuer wall 71 20354 hamburg germany. e mail marco dohmen 1plusx com 1plusx and ccpa description of consumerâ s right if you are a california resident california law including the california consumer privacy act â ccpaâ and california civil code section 1798 83 provides you with additional right regarding our collection and use of your personal information. right to know you can request a summary of the personal information 1plusx ha collected about you in the last 12 month. you can find the respective form to submit your request on our privacy policy page on the customerâ s website where we have placed our cookie. alternatively you can request this information by sending an email to privacy 1plusx com after which you will receive a web link to activate the data access request. right of deletion you can request data deletion by selecting the respective option on our privacy policy page on the customerâ s website where we have placed our cookie. right to non discrimination 1plusx doe not discriminate against any consumer and allows consumer to freely exercise their ccpa right. right to opt out you are able to opt out of the sale of personal information we have collected. by selecting the respective call to action â do not sell my personal informationâ on our privacy policy page on the customerâ s website where we have placed our cookie. the result of opting out from the sale of your personal information will be to stop tracking your behavior and interaction whatsoever. in addition you will not be part of any segment and no personalization shall take place. how to submit a request california law permit resident of california to request specific detail on how their data is shared with third party company or affiliate for direct marketing or other business related purpose. if you are a california resident and you need to submit such a request send an email to privacy 1plusx com with the subject â california privacy rightsâ. additionally due to the nature of 1plusxâ s business in the property of our customer we provide you specific web form that allow californian resident to exercise their right. more specifically we provide clear call to action to request deletion opt out from sale request data access list of pi category collected or shared by the business in the last 12 month 1plusx collect and process data on behalf of our customer a a service provider. according to ccpa personal information is defined a the information which can potentially identify relate to describe reference is reasonably capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with a particular consumer or device. 1plusx upon customerâ s request shall collect the following category of information according to the category mentioned in ccpa â 1798 140. these are the category of information that have been collected in the past 12 month. identifier refers mainly to online identifier ip address encrypted email address internet or other electronic network activity information geolocation data inference it must be highlighted that 1plusx us industry standard encryption and security measure designed to protect any personal data from re identification. the source of the collected data may be the following customerâ s web mobile property where the userâ s activity are observed and recorded either via cookie an sdk or a data layer online offline database or data marketplace ad network including ssps dsps ad server 1plusx share only anonymized information with service provider and third party only to the extent that is required to fulfill the service. 1plusx doe not share any information among customer with respect to user privacy thus the data for each customer is siloed and cannot be exposed or transferred. more specifically the online identifier e g. hashed cookie id hashed email will be shared with advertising network data management platform and data analytics provider. this information is often accompanied by internet electronic network activity information geolocation data and inference. at 1plusx we make sure that by providing this information the other party will be unable to re identify a specific individual or household. the information that we share with 3rd party cannot be linked to a specific individual or household due to the hashing function that we apply on the identifier e g. cookie login id email address. the collection of the information allows 1plusx to move towards it business goal. in that context the main purpose for collecting the previously mentioned category are internet based marketing data analysis amp. behavioural reporting other operational purpose