we use cooky to personalise our website for you and to analyse how our website is being used. you give u your permission to do so by clicking on the â i agreeâ button or by continuing to use our website after you have received the cookie notification. see our privacy policy i agree 2brightsparks home sitemap product syncbackpro syncbackse compare syncback edition syncback management system syncback touch onclick utility freeware downloads download syncbackpro download syncbackse download syncback management system download syncback touch download syncback monitor android download onclick utility download freeware download old version buy visit secure web store buy via wire transfer or p o. upgrade to syncbackpro se v9 buy upgrade assurance competitive upgrade offer volume and enp discount become an affiliate list of affiliate support request support knowledge base article tutorial syncbackpro online help uptime status about about u customer testimonial contact contact u request support subscribe to mailing list privacy statement at 2brightsparks your privacy is very important to u. this privacy notice explains what to expect when 2brightsparks pte ltd collect personal information from user. personal information can include any information about a person who can be identified from that information which is recorded in some material form including a part of a database. this range from basic personal detail such a name and email address to ip address credit card detail and other sensitive information including information made a a result of purchasing product and subscription. this policy together with the term and condition on our website and any other document referred to on it set out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to u will be processed by u. please read the following carefully to understand our view and practice regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. the data collection process mentioned in this article can be either performed by 2brightsparks and or it affiliated company hereinafter referred to a â weâ â usâ â ourâ. collection processing and passing on of personal data generally you can visit our website www 2brightsparks com without leaving any personal data. personal data is only collected if you give it voluntarily for example â creating a support ticket on our website stored by freshdesk â ticket support site. we also have an archive of old ticket that were previously stored by uservoice stored by 2brightsparks. â placing an order on our webstore stored by fastspring â webstore host and payment processor â registering and posting on our forum stored by 2brightsparks on hostwinds server â subscribing to our mailing list managed by 2brightsparks and stored on amazon server â customer database managed by 2brightsparks and stored on amazon server â registering and usage of reseller affiliate program stored by impact â submitting upgrade enquiry stored by logiforms â email correspondence stored by microsoft office365 what information do we collect. when you place an order on our webstore your full name company optional email address and credit card information or information for other form of payment will be required. the information is used by fastspring to complete the transaction and the order receipt email is sent to your email address while your full name and company if any will be displayed in your invoice. we generally do not collect address but on some occasion customer may contact u and explicitly request that we include their address in the invoice which we will comply upon request. fastspring do not provide the payment detail to 2brightsparks. we do not receive or record credit card number or other payment detail. we do record your name and emal address. this information help with customer support license verification and subscription. when you provide u with personal identifying information in an e mail or ticket support we use the information to locate your record and provide you with answer to your question. we use third party vendor and hosting partner to provide the necessary networking storage query and retrieval of these record. when you submit a ticket to our support channel your information like name and email address will be captured by our customer support partner freshdesk. we have an active forum that run on phpbb an open source forum software. when you visit our forum and signup a a forum member and or submit posting we may collect your information based on what you submit to u. your forum account will contain a uniquely identifiable name user name a personal password used for logging into your account and a personal valid email address. any information beyond your user name password and email address during the registration process is either mandatory or optional at the discretion of 2brightsparks. in all case you have the option to decide what information in your account is publicly displayed. furthermore within your account you have the option to opt in or opt out of automatically generated email from the phpbb software. our forum also support signing in using your social network account facebook twitter etc in which case your login information is stored by oneall and your data protection fall under their privacy policy. we have an affiliate program where resellers can sign up a our affiliate to earn commission for reselling our product. this program is hosted by impact our affiliate management partner. all account information required during registration are required by impact and the reseller information database is hosted by them. when you subscribe to our mailing list you provide u with a valid email address which is stored on our server. during the purchase process you can also optionally opt in to our mailing list. if so the name you used during the purchase process is also recorded in the mailing list database along with your email address. use of your personal information 2brightsparks collect and us your personal information to operate and improve it site and service. these us may include but are not limited to providing you with more effective customer service ticketing support. making the site or service easier to use by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information forum. providing customized upgrade information regarding your license customer database and sending you content regarding our product mailing list. we may also use your personal information to communicate with you. we may send certain mandatory service communication such a welcome letter billing reminder information on technical service issue and security announcement. we may send regular newsletter that we view a part of our customer service. we may also occasionally send you product survey or promotional mailing to inform you of other product or service available from 2brightsparks. personal information collected on 2brightsparks site and service may be stored and processed by third party partner e g. fastspring our webstore host that collect customer detail on their u s server. by using our web site or a 2brightsparks service you agree that your personal information may be transferred to any country in which 2brightsparks or it affiliate subsidiary or distribution partner maintain facility. removal procedure a all information is collected via opt in method we believe all information you receive from 2brightsparks will be relevant to your computing need. however if you do not wish to receive communication from u visit our unsubscribe page to remove your email from our mailing list. alternatively you can contact u to have your detail removed from our server. to remove your data from 3rd party service that are used by 2brightsparks see the list of third party service section below. use of cooky the 2brightsparks website utilizes cooky from third party partner to deliver a more personal and customized content and service to you. these cooky allow the external partner to track usage pattern to provide improvement to our website and deliver content that is specific to your interest. cooky in and of themselves do not personally identify user although they do identify a user s computer. most web browser accept cooky by default but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cooky if you prefer. if you decline to accept cooky you may not receive the full benefit that our website ha to offer. we have a knowledge base article which you can read to learn more about how we use cooky. how to manage cooky in your browser the help section on the menu bar of most internet browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cooky how to make the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cooky altogether. please note that certain feature of the website may no longer be available to you if you disable cooky. you also can manage your cooky preference using the following link for some of the most popular internet browser google chrome http support google com chrome bin answer py hl en gb answer 95647 p cpn_cookies firefox http support mozilla org en u kb blocking 20cookies internet explorer http www microsoft com info uk en cooky mspx microsoft edge http privacy microsoft com en u window 10 microsoft edge and privacy safari http support apple com kb ph19214 locale en_us opera http www opera com help tutorial security privacy to find out more about using your browser setting to control cooky please visit www allaboutcookies org list of third party service used by 2brightsparks 2brightsparks may partner with third party company to deliver content or provide service and support to you. when you use these service your personally identifiable information may be collected by them and the responsibility of protecting your data fall under their privacy policy. below is a list not limited to of the third party company we use and their privacy statement â freshdesk â ticket support channel http www freshworks com privacy. if you wish to request that they no longer use your collected data contact them at support freshworks com. â fastspring â webstore host and payment processor http fastspring com privacy. to remove your data contact privacy fastspring com â logiforms â submission of user feedback and serial number dispute http v3 logiforms com privacy â office 365 â 2brightsparks company email hosted by microsoft http privacy microsoft com en ca privacystatement â google analytics â see the section below for detail. google analytics this website us google analytics a web analytics service provided by google inc â googleâ and google analytics us cooky. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website including your ip address will be transmitted to and stored by google on server in the united state. google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website compiling report on website activity for website operator and providing other service relating to website activity and internet usage. google may also transfer this information to third party where required to do so by law or where such third party process the information on googleâ s behalf. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of cooky by selecting the appropriate setting on your browser however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. by using this website you consent to the processing of data about you by google in the manner and for the purpose set out above. google complies with the eu u s privacy shield framework. information from integrated sign on service if you grant access to 2brightsparks software e g. syncbackpro to a third party social networking or integrated service such a facebook google or similar single sign on service 2brightsparks will not collect personal information that is associated with your integrated service account. access is only required to allow the software to connect to the service and function on your behalf e g. to backup your email. sharing of your information with external party we do not sell or share data to company unless they are carrying out a service on our behalf e g. data collected during the payment process. 2brightsparks ha chosen to use a third party fastspring at additional cost who specialize in the secure collection and storage of customer information. 2brightsparks view the importance of data security a crucial in online transaction of any kind. we only disclose data when required to do so by singapore and or international law. change to the privacy policy 2brightsparks pte ltd may amend this policy at any time by posting the amended term on our web site. all amended term will be automatically effective without further notice. contacting u 2brightsparks welcome your comment regarding this privacy statement. if you have question about this statement please contact u. 2brightsparks pte ltd http www 2brightsparks com last modified august 2019 â 2003 2021 2brightsparks pte. ltd home support privacy term home support privacy term â 2003 2021 2brightsparks pte. ltd back to top