we use cooky to personalise our website for you and to analyse how our website is being used. you give u your permission to do so by clicking on the â i agreeâ button or by continuing to use our website after you have received the cookie notification. see our privacy policy i agree 2brightsparks home sitemap product syncbackpro syncbackse compare syncback edition syncback management system syncback touch onclick utility freeware downloads download syncbackpro download syncbackse download syncback management system download syncback touch download syncback monitor android download onclick utility download freeware download old version buy visit secure web store buy via wire transfer or p o. upgrade to syncbackpro se v9 buy upgrade assurance competitive upgrade offer volume and enp discount become an affiliate list of affiliate support request support knowledge base article tutorial syncbackpro online help uptime status about about u customer testimonial contact contact u request support subscribe to mailing list general term and condition product service and condition of use you should carefully read the following term and condition before using our software product. unless you have a different license agreement signed by 2brightsparks your use of our software indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty. use of all software available from 2brightsparks hereinafter software is contingent on your agreement our software licensing term found on this web page. we also provide a detail description of our support policy which applies to all software produced by 2brightsparks pte ltd a part of our service we agree to provide you with software information and other service that we may decide to offer subject to the term of this agreement. upon notice published through the service we may modify this agreement at any time. you agree and continue to agree to use our product and service in a manner consistent with all applicable law and regulation and in accordance with the term and condition set out in the policy and guideline outlined below. please note that you will be referred to a customer in this agreement. rule for online conduct by using the service you agree that you will not attempt to undermine the integrity of this web site. limitation of liability and warranty the customer agrees that use of the service and product provided by 2brightsparks is entirely at the customer s own risk. service and product are provided a is without warranty of any kind either express or implied including without limitation any warranty for information service uninterrupted access or product provided through or in connection with the service including without limitation the software licensed to the customer and the result obtained through the service. specifically we disclaim any and all warranty including without limitation 1 any warranty concerning the availability accuracy or content of information product or service. and 2 any warranty of title or warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. this disclaimer of liability applies to any damage or injury caused by any failure of performance error omission interruption deletion defect delay in operation or transmission computer virus communication line failure theft or destruction or unauthorized access to alteration of or use of record whether for breach of contract tortious behavior negligence or under any other cause of action. customer specifically acknowledges the service is not liable for the defamatory offensive or illegal conduct of other customer or third party and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rest entirely with customer. neither the software product or service delivered by 2brightsparks nor any of it agent affiliate or content provider shall be liable for any direct indirect incidental special or consequential damage arising out of use of it or inability to gain access to or use the software or out of any breach of any warranty. customer hereby acknowledges that the provision of this section shall apply to all content on the service. governing law this agreement shall be governed by the law of singapore. trademark all trademark appearing on the service are trademark of their respective owner. modification 2brightsparks reserve the right at it discretion to revise these term and condition at any time and without prior notice and such revision shall be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised term and condition at this website http www 2brightsparks com. commercial licensing term and condition when used in a commercial setting a separate license must be purchased for each installation of the program. installing the program on a server or on a single workstation used non simultaneously by multiple people count a one installation. you are advised to revisit this page periodically a we reserve the right to change these term and condition at any time and without notification. condition of use you agree and continue to agree to use our software in a manner consistent with all applicable law and regulation and in accordance with the term and condition set out in the policy and guideline outlined below. please note that you will be referred to a customer in this agreement. software license agreement use of all software available from 2brightsparks pte ltd including but not limited to syncbackfree syncbacklite syncbackse syncbackpro syncback touch syncback management service sbms or onclick utility hereinafter software is contingent on your agreement to the following term you should carefully read the following term and condition before using software provided by 2brightsparks. unless you have a different license agreement signed by 2brightsparks pte ltd your use of our software indicates your acceptance of this license agreement. limitation of liability the use of all software available from 2brightsparks pte ltd software is contingent on your agreement to the following limitation of liability software is provided a is and without warranty of any kind. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law 2brightsparks pte ltd it supplier it distributor and it affiliate or others who may offer software will not be liable for any damage whatsoever whether direct or indirect special incidental consequential or punitive of any kind including but not limited to damage for loss of profit loss of confidential or other information business interruption personal injury loss of privacy failure to meet any duty including of good faith or of reasonable care negligence and any other pecuniary or other loss whatsoever arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use our software or support service or the provision of or failure to provide support service or otherwise under or in connection with software documentation or any provision of these term and condition even if 2brightsparks pte ltd or any supplier distributor or it affiliate ha been advised of the possibility of such damage. the limitation on and exclusion of liability for damage in this agreement apply regardless of whether liability is based on breach of contract tort including negligence delict strict liability breach of warranty or condition or any other legal theory. 2brightsparks pte ltd furthermore disclaims all warranty including without limitation any implied warranty of merchantability fitness for a particular purpose and on infringement. the entire risk arising out of the use or performance of the software and documentation remains with the recipient. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law in no event shall 2brightsparks pte ltd pte ltd be liable for any consequential incidental direct indirect special punitive or other damage whatsoever including without limitation damage for loss of business profit business interruption loss of business information or other pecuniary loss arising out of this agreement or the use of or inability to use the product even if 2brightsparks pte ltd ha been advised of the possibility of such damage. the software and the accompanying file are sold a is and without warranty a to performance or merchantability or any other warranty whether expressed or implied. because of the various hardware and software environment into which software may be put no warranty of fitness for a particular purpose is offered. good data processing procedure dictate that any program be thoroughly tested with non critical data before relying on it. the user must assume the entire risk of using the software. any liability of the seller will be limited exclusively to product replacement or refund of purchase price. ownership you may not reverse engineer decompile or disassemble the software. 2brightsparks pte ltd shall retain title and all ownership right to the software. copyright this software is protected by copyright law and international copyright treaty a well a other intellectual property law and treaty. maintenance 2brightsparks pte ltd is not obligated to provide support maintenance or update for the software either by email phone or otherwise. however any maintenance or update provided by 2brightsparks pte ltd shall be covered by this agreement. software usage agreement one registered copy of syncbackpro or syncbackse may be used by a single person who us the software personally on up to 5 computer to process personal data home use. one registered copy of syncbacklite may be used by a single person who us the software personally on up to 2 computer to process personal data home use. when used to process non personal data e g. the workplace but including processing non personal data on a personal computer or the software is not syncbackpro syncbackse or syncbacklite a separate license must be purchased for each installation of the program. installing the program on a server or on a single workstation used non simultaneously by multiple people count a one installation. in a commercial setting you may access the registered version of the software through a network provided that you have obtained individual license for the software covering all workstation that will access the software through the network. for instance if 4 different workstation access the software on the network each workstation must have it own software license regardless of whether they use the software at different time or concurrently. return policy before purchasing software from 2brightsparks pte ltd you are strongly encouraged to test drive it using the evaluation version. in the event you encounter a problem with the product contact our support department for assistance. you may do this by submitting a support ticket in our support area at http help 2brightsparks com after your purchase refund will only be given at the discretion of the company management. evaluation and registration subject to the term of this agreement you are hereby licensed to use the software for evaluation purpose without charge. the evaluation version of the software ha limitation and reminder that the software is in use. for a full featured unrestricted version a registration fee is required. upon payment you will be sent an email that will provide the serial number to unlock the software. distribution agreement this software distribution agreement hereinafter referred to a agreement is a legal agreement between you and 2brightsparks pte ltd hereinafter referred to a author for distributing the computer software program entitled syncbackfree syncbacklite syncbackse syncbackpro syncback touch syncback management service sbms and onclick utility hereinafter referred to a software. this agreement describes the term and condition by which author will license other party to distribute the software which is intended solely for distribution a commercial software. no use distribution or reproduction of the software or copy of the software is authorised except in compliance with the term and condition herein. distribution of the software in accordance with the provision of this software licence agreement is encouraged. you should carefully read the following term and condition before distributing this software. unless you have a different licence agreement signed by author your use of this software indicated your acceptance of this licence agreement. by copying or distributing this software you agree to be bound by the term and condition of this agreement a well a those of the software licence agreement. we distribute our commercial software a a trial version so that user have a chance to evaluate the software before buying it. if the program is used past the trial expiration date you are required to purchase the licensed version. copyright law apply to both shareware and retail software and the copyright holder retains all right with a few specific exception a stated below. the author specifically grant the right to copy and distribute the software either to all and sundry or to a specific group. general term and condition â author shall be credited a the owner of the software in all distribution of the software. author is the exclusive world wide licenser of the software and the copyright and other proprietary right therein. the software is intended solely for distribution a try before you buy software. it is not public domain or free software or freeware. â the software shall be identified by name and shall be identified a shareware in all distribution. â you may copy and or distribute the software only in it original unaltered form with all file included unmodified and without making any addition modification or deletion except a provided in this paragraph. you may not modify the software or any of it file and the software must be distributed a a complete package. you may not change delete merge or rename any file or element of the software in any manner and you may not add any file or new element except for installation routine which do not interfere with the proper operation or installation of the software. â since the software is intended for distribution only a shareware you shall not charge any fee or other compensation for the software although you may charge a distribution fee for cost associated with distributing the software. you are permitted and encouraged to make and distribute copy of the software to your friend family member and co worker for your and their private non commercial use in compliance with the term and condition hereof. â you recognise that your right to distribute the software is nonexclusive and that author can terminate the license granted to you at any time for any reason upon notice. author reserve the right to withhold or withdraw permission to distribute the software from anyone at any time for any reason. the other provision hereof shall survive any expiration or termination of this agreement. â you shall take reasonable step to ensure that the software and any other software documentation and other material distributed with the software are free from virus. â you may not use copy modify distribute or transfer the software or any element thereof in whole or in part except a expressly provided for herein. â you may not rent or lease the software to anyone. â author reserve the right to update the content of the software and it associated file documentation and or other element at it discretion from time to time without the consent of or any obligation to any licensed user or distributor. â you will hold author family member distributor licensee sub licensee and lawyer harmless from and against any and all claim action damage loss liability cost and expense arising directly or indirectly from your act and omission in copying and distributing the software. â if any provision of this agreement is held to be void invalid or unenforceable it will not affect the validity of the balance of this agreement which shall remain valid and enforceable according to it term and condition. â this agreement shall be governed by the law of the singapore. special term and condition â distribution by bb on line service ftp fsp news www satellite other file transfer protocol the software and associated file may be copied used and posted without charge and permission a long a the general term and condition set forth above are complied with. â distribution on floppy disk cd rom dvd other disk type in a non retail environment the software and associated file may be copied and used and posted without charge and permission a long a the general term and condition set forth above are complied with. â distribution on floppy disk cd rom dvd other disk type by anonymous access ftp www shareware archive the software and associated file may be copied used and posted without charge and permission a long a the general term and condition set forth above are complied with. â distribution on magazine companion disk cd rom other disk type the program and associated file may be copied used and posted without charge and permission a long a the general term and condition set forth above are complied with. we would greatly appreciate if you would contact u about any review s you write about the software at http www 2brightsparks com contact html â distribution in a retail environment book companion disk cd rom other disk type book you may not distribute the program without obtaining explicit permission from author. â other e g. retail not covered above cd rom software distribution you may not distribute the program without obtaining explicit permission from author. â internet provider disk cd rom demo disk connection kit etc. you may distribute this software on your disk cd only a bundled software with other program without charge and permission a long a the general term and condition set forth above are complied with. if you intend to provide the program for your own diagnostic purpose then you may not distribute the program without obtaining explicit permission from the author. â software hardware manufacturer amp. supplier you may not distribute the program pre installed or otherwise on the machine you manufacture distribute etc. or bundled with your own product without obtaining explicit permission from author. â other type of distribution please contact author for detail. by distributing the software you acknowledge that you have read and understood this agreement and you agree to be bound by this agreement s term and condition. you also agree that this agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the right and liability of the party and supersedes all proposal or prior agreement oral or written and any other communication between the party relating to the subject matter of this agreement. freeware licensing term and condition 2brightsparks grant you a limited non exclusive license to use freeware downloadable from 2brightsparks for personal educational charity and commercial use and donation are entirely optional. this includes syncbackfree and infohesiveep. if you are using the software free of charge under the term of this agreement you are not entitled to support although we will respond to support request if they relate to any software that is not performing it s task correctly bug etc. our freeware is licensed to you in accordance with the term and condition of this agreement. you represent and warrant that you will not violate any of the requirement of this agreement and further represent and warrant that â you will not and will not permit others to i reverse engineer decompile disassemble derive the source code of modify or create derivative work from our freeware or ii copy distribute publicly display or publicly perform content contained in this freeware other than a expressly authorized by this agreement. â you will not use our freeware to engage in or allow others to engage in any illegal activity. â you will not engage in using our freeware that will interfere with or damage the operation of the service of any third party by overburdening disabling network resource through automated query excessive usage or similar conduct. â you will not sell our freeware or charge others for use of it either for profit or merely to recover your medium and distribution cost whether a a stand alone product or a part of a compilation or anthology without explicit prior written permission. â you will not use our freeware to engage in any activity that will violate the right of third party including without limitation through the use public display public performance reproduction distribution or modification of communication or material that infringe copyright trademark publicity right privacy right other proprietary right or right against defamation of third party. â you may not claim any sponsorship by endorsement by or affiliation with our company. limitation of liability please read the limitation of liability above which applies to freeware and commercial software provided by 2brightsparks. 2brightsparks pte ltd http www 2brightsparks com last modified 2 june 2017 â 2003 2021 2brightsparks pte. ltd home support privacy term home support privacy term â 2003 2021 2brightsparks pte. ltd back to top