cookie amp. privacy policy this privacy policy governs the manner in which 2captcha collect us maintains and discloses information collected from user each a user of the 2captcha com website site. this privacy policy applies to the site and all product and service offered by 2captcha. personal identification information we may collect personal identification information from user in a variety of way including but not limited to when user visit our site register on the site and in connection with other activity service feature or resource we make available on our site. user may be asked for a appropriate name email address. user may however visit our site anonymously. we will collect personal identification information from user only if they voluntarily submit such information to u. user can always refuse to supply personally identification information except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activity. non personal identification information we may collect non personal identification information about user whenever they interact with our site. non personal identification information may include the browser name the type of computer and technical information about user mean of connection to our site such a the operating system and the internet service provider utilized and other similar information. web browser cooky our site may use cooky to enhance user experience. user s web browser place cooky on their hard drive for record keeping purpose and sometimes to track information about them. user may choose to set their web browser to refuse cooky or to alert you when cooky are being sent. if they do so note that some part of the site may not function properly. how we use collected information 2captcha collect and us user personal information for the following purpose to personalize user experience we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our user a a group use the service and resource provided on our site. to improve our site we continually strive to improve our website offering based on the information and feedback we receive from you. to improve customer service your information help u to more effectively respond to your customer service request and support need. to send periodic email the email address user provide for order processing will only be used to send them information and update pertaining to their order. it may also be used to respond to their inquiry and or other request or question. how we protect your information we adopt appropriate data collection storage and processing practice and security measure to protect against unauthorized access alteration disclosure or destruction of your personal information username password transaction information and data stored on our site. sharing your personal information we do not sell trade or rent user personal identification information to others. we may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitor and user with our business partner trusted affiliate and advertiser for the purpose outlined above we may use third party service provider to help u operate our business and the site or administer activity on our behalf such a sending out newsletter or survey. we may share your information with these third party for those limited purpose provided that you have given u your permission. third party website user may find advertising or other content on our site that link to the site and service of our partner supplier advertiser sponsor licensors and other third party. we do not control the content or link that appear on these site and are not responsible for the practice employed by website linked to or from our site. in addition these site or service including their content and link may be constantly changing. these site and service may have their own privacy policy and customer service policy. browsing and interaction on any other website including website which have a link to our site is subject to that website s own term and policy. change to this privacy policy 2captcha ha the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. when we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. we encourage user to frequently check this page for any change to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modification. your acceptance of these term by using this site you signify your acceptance of this policy. if you do not agree to this policy please do not use our site. your continued use of the site following the posting of change to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those change. contacting u if you have any question about this privacy policy the practice of this site or your dealing with this site please contact u at support 2captcha com this document wa last updated on mart 3 2021