nbsp. refund and payment policy 1 nbsp. refund policy chargeback within 30 day from payment day you can request chargeback of balance left within 30 day from payment day. chargeback within 60 day from payment day you can request chargeback within 60 day from the day of payment if you are not satisfied with service provided. chargeback term 1 chargeback is provided to the same account payment wa received from only. if there are any third circumstance that make chargeback imposiible e g. customerâ s account termination or card blocking then chargeback is not provided. 2 chargeback is proceeded within 1 calender month from the date of chargeback request receiving. 2 nbsp. online credit card payment after you choose the online card payment and your request is approved by the manager you get a notification to your registration email. the email message will contain the online card payment link for your order. hit the link and you will go to the payment platform payu where you can insert the necessary card data. the data you enter on the payu platform is protected with the pci ds security standard. we only get the information about your payment being completed. the payment notification will be sent to your registration email. please note that we get the information about your payment within a short period of time that varies from 5 second to several minute. don t hesitate to contact u in case you have any longer delay or any other kind of problem with the payment processing. you can contact payu via phone number 8 800 200 32 62 in order to contact our english speaknig operator simply hold the line and when answered ask the operator to speak english. please note that online card payment have 4 commission. refund are made according to the refund policy. 3 nbsp. pricing policy webmasterâ s price for 1000 solved captchas start from 0 5 the price grows with the system load the more webmaster and the less worker are online the higher is the bid for the captcha automatically calculated by the 2captcha com system. the bid limit is set by the system and equal 1 2 for 1000 captchas. nevertheless you can set your own bid limit in your account setting. 4 nbsp. contact u you can contact u via different mean of communication according to the following list â nbsp. email info 2captcha com â nbsp. phone number 7 495 215 1911 â nbsp. create a support ticket here 5 nbsp. about the company 2captcha office is based in russia at 9 1 19 kirovogradskaya street moscow po 117519 sole proprietor khivrina maria anatolievna registraion number ogrn 314774604200843 tax number inn 772609100305 9 1 19 kirovogradskaya street moscow po 117519 6 nbsp. term of service before using the service please read the term of service carefully. 7 online card payment security with payu after you choose the online card payment and your request is approved by the manager you get a notification to your registration email. the email message will contain the online card payment link for your order. hit the link and you will go to the payment platform payu where you can insert the necessary card data. the data you enter on the payu platform is protected with the pci ds security standard. we only get the information about your payment being completed. the payment notification will be sent to your registration email. please note that we get the information about your payment within a short period of time that varies from 5 second to several minute. don t hesitate to contact u in case you have any longer delay or any other kind of problem with the payment processing. you can contact payu via phone number 7 495 7213262 in order to contact our english speaking operator simply hold the line and when answered ask the operator to speak english. 8 personal data protection you provide the following data about yourself to 2captcha com â nbsp. first name â nbsp. last name â nbsp. email â nbsp. phone number â nbsp. address we use this data for your account and for delivering the service to you. 2captcha com doesn t transmit your data to any 3rd party unless it is necessary for delivering you the service or demanded by the legal authority. please keep it in mind that 2captcha com is not responsible for your personal data that you chose to place publicly on our website