how to do it right starting to use the service is quick and practical. the registration is free and the term of service are very simple â you will not share your unique id nor sell it to anyone under any circumstance. â you represent and warrant that your use of 2captcha will comply with all applicable law and regulation. â you agree that this is a paid system and will not try to circumvent payment by no mean â you agree that you won t modify copy or recreate part of any of our api client without the explicit consent of 2captcha â you agree to use 2captcha service for research purpose only. please note that your account may be suspended or terminated in case of violation of those simple rule. term of service nbsp. 1 definition 2captcha â 2captchaâ or the â serviceâ is a manual captcha solving service provided through the url www 2captcha com the â websiteâ which allows you to solve captchas for research purpose. 2captcha is owned and operated by khivrin n n a sole proprietorship â 2captchaâ â weâ â usâ. 2captcha ha employee independent contractor and representative our team. a a customer of the service or a representative of an entity thatâ s a customer of the service you re a â memberâ according to this agreement itâ s â youâ. these term of use â term â along with our our api guideline define the term and condition under which youâ re allowed to use 2captcha and how weâ ll treat your account while youâ re a member. if you have any question about our term feel free to contact u at support 2captcha com. 2 eligibility in order to use 2captcha you must â be at least eighteen 18 year old and able to enter into contract â complete the registration process â agree to the term. and â provide true complete and up to date contact information. by using 2captcha you represent and warrant that you meet all the requirement listed above and that you wonâ t use 2captcha in a way that violates any law or regulation. 2captcha may refuse service close account of any user and change eligibility requirement at any time. 3 term the term begin when you sign up for 2captcha and continues a long a you use the service. clicking the button and entering your username mean that youâ ve officially â signedâ the term. if you sign up for 2captcha on behalf of a company or other entity you represent and warrant that you have the authority to accept these term on their behalf. 4 closing your account you or 2captcha may terminate this agreement at any time and for any reason by giving notice to the other party. we may suspend our service to you at any time with or without cause. we wonâ t refund or reimburse you if thereâ s cause like a violation of these term. once terminated we may permanently delete your account and all the data associated with it. if you donâ t log in to your account for 12 or more month we may treat your account a inactive and permanently delete the account and all the data associated with it. 5 change we may change any of the term by posting revised term of use on our website and or by sending an email to the last email address you gave u. unless you terminate your account within ten 10 day the new term will be effective immediately and apply to any continued or new use of 2captcha. we may change the website the service or any feature of the service at any time. 6 account and password youâ re responsible for keeping your account name and password confidential. youâ re also responsible for any account that you have access to whether or not you authorized the use. youâ ll immediately notify u of any unauthorized use of your account. weâ re not responsible for any loss due to stolen or hacked password. we donâ t have access to your current password and for security reason we may only reset your password. 7 general rule you promise to follow these rule â you will not share your unique id with anyone under any circumstance. this includes selling your account. â you represent and warrant that your use of 2captcha will comply with all applicable law and regulation. â you agree that this is a paid system and will not try to circumvent payment. this includes excessively reporting correctly decoded captchas a incorrect. â you agree that you won t modify copy or recreate part of any of our api client without the explicit consent of 2captcha â you agree to use 2captcha service for research purpose only. if you violate any of these rule then we may suspend or terminate your account. 8 reporting abuse if you think anyone is violating any of these term please notify u immediately. if you received spam you think came from a 2captcha user we want to hear about it. please report it to our abuse team. 9 compliance with law you represent and warrant that your use of 2captcha will comply with all applicable law and regulation. youâ re responsible for determining whether our service are suitable for you to use in light of any regulation. you agree to indemnify and hold u harmless from any loss including attorney fee that result from your breach of any part of these warranty. 10 limitation of liability to the maximum extent permitted by law you assume full responsibility for any loss that result from your use of the website and the service including any downloads from the website. we and our team wonâ t be liable for any indirect punitive special or consequential damage under any circumstance even if theyâ re based on negligence or weâ ve been advised of the possibility of those damage. our total liability for all claim made about the service in any month will be no more than what you paid u for the service the month before. 11 no warranty to the maximum extent permitted by law we provide the material on the website and the service a is. that mean we donâ t provide warranty of any kind either express or implied including but not limited to warranty of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. 12 indemnity you agree to indemnify and hold u and our team harmless from any loss including attorney fee that result from any claim you make that arenâ t allowed under these term due to a limitation of liability or other provision. you also agree to indemnify and hold u harmless from any loss including attorney fee that result from third party claim that you or someone using your password did something that if true would violate any of these term. 13 attorney fee if we file an action against you claiming you breached these term and we prevail weâ re entitled to recover reasonable attorney fee and any damage or other relief we may be awarded. 14 disclaimer we and our team arenâ t responsible for the behavior of any advertiser linked website or other member. the service is only dedicated to research purpose. 15 assignment you may not assign any of your right under this agreement to anyone else. we may assign our right to any other individual or entity at our discretion. 16 force majeure we wonâ t be held liable for any delay or failure in performance of any part of the service from any cause beyond our control. this includes but is not limited to act of god change to law or regulation embargo war terrorist act riot fire earthquake nuclear accident zombie apocalypse flood strike power blackout volcanic action unusually severe weather condition and act of hacker or third party internet service provider. 17 severability if it turn out that a section of this agreement isnâ t enforceable then that section will be removed or edited a little a necessary and the rest of the term will still be valid. 18 amendment and waiver amendment or change to these term wonâ t be effective until we post revised term on the website. 19 further action youâ ll provide all document and take any action necessary to meet your obligation under these term. 20 privacy contact postal address 1 nbsp. tomarovicha st putilkovo moscow russia phone 7 495 565 31 75 thanks for taking the time to learn about 2captcha s policy