privacy policy your privacy is critically important to u. at 2dollarwave hereafter referred to a 2dw we have a few fundamental principle 1 we donâ t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. we canâ t stand service that ask you for thing like your gender or income level for no apparent reason. 2 we donâ t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law develop our product or protect our right. 3 we donâ t store personal information on our server unless required for the on going operation of one of our service. if you have question about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team. website visitor like most website operator 2dw collect non personally identifying information of the sort that web browser and server typically make available such a the browser type language preference referring site and the date and time of each visitor request. 2dwâ s purpose in collecting non personally identifying information is to better understand how 2dwâ s visitor use it website. from time to time 2dw may release non personally identifying information in the aggregate e g by publishing a report on trend in the usage of it website. 2dw also collect potentially personally identifying information like internet protocol ip address for logged in user and for user leaving comment on our testimonial page. 2dw only discloses logged in user and commenter ip address under the same circumstance that it us and discloses personally identifying information a described below except that blog commenter ip address and email address are visible and disclosed to the administrator of the blog where the comment wa left. gathering of personally identifying information certain visitor to 2dw s website choose to interact with 2dw in way that require 2dw to gather personally identifying information. the amount and type of information that 2dw gather depends on the nature of the interaction. for example we ask visitor who register at our site to provide a username and email address. those who engage in transaction with 2dw are asked to provide additional information including a necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transaction. in each case 2dw collect such information only insofar a is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor s interaction with 2dw. 2dw doe not disclose personally identifying information other than a described below. and visitor can always refuse to supply personally identifying information with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website related activity. aggregated statistic 2dw may collect statistic about the behavior of visitor to it website. for instance 2dw may monitor the most popular page on our site. 2dw may display this information publicly or provide it to others. however 2dw doe not disclose personally identifying information other than a described below. protection of certain personally identifying information 2dw discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only to those of it employee contractor and affiliated organization that i need to know that information in order to process it on 2dw s behalf or to provide service available at 2dw s webpage and ii that have agreed not to disclose it to others. some of those employee contractor and affiliated organization may be located outside of your home country. by using 2dw s website you consent to the transfer of such information to them. 2dw will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information to anyone. other than to it employee contractor and affiliated organization a described above 2dw discloses potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information only in response to a subpoena court order or other governmental request or when 2dw belief in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or right of 2dw third party or the public at large. if you are a registered user of our website and have supplied your email address we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new feature solicit your feedback or just keep you up to date with what s going on with 2dw and our product service. we primarily use our news update page to communicate this type of information so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. if you send u a request for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanism we reserve the right to publish it in order to help u clarify or respond to your request or to help u support other user. 2dw take all measure reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access use alteration or destruction of potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information. cooky a cookie is a string of information that a website store on a visitor s computer and that the visitor s browser provides to the website each time the visitor return. we use cooky to help u identify and track visitor their usage of our website and their website access preference. 2dw visitor who do not wish to have cooky placed on their computer should set their browser to refuse cooky before using 2dw s website with the drawback that certain feature of our website may not function properly without the aid of cooky. business transfer if 2dw or substantially all of it asset were acquired or in the unlikely event that 2dw go out of business or enters bankruptcy user information would be one of the asset that is transferred or acquired by a third party. you acknowledge that such transfer may occur and that any acquirer of 2dw may continue to use your personal information a set forth in this policy. ad ad appearing on our website may be delivered to user by advertising partner who may set cooky. these cooky allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. this information allows ad network to among other thing deliver targeted advertisement that they believe will be of most interest to you. this privacy policy cover the use of cooky by 2dw and doe not cover the use of cooky by any advertiser. comment comment and other content submitted to our anti spam service are not saved on our server unless they were marked a false positive in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positive. privacy policy change although most change are likely to be minor 2dw may change it privacy policy from time to time and in 2dw s sole discretion. 2dw encourages visitor to frequently check this page for any change to it privacy policy. your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. please visit our sponsor below nbsp. nbsp. nbsp. nbsp. nbsp. best giveaway ever best pay plan ever via invitation onlyvery limited offermore info the ptc launch of the year many way to earnfree free freemust join for 2019more info online and paying since 2016 great revenue sharealways pay meearn up to 130 more info the 1 bitcoin faucet still the bestearn btc every hourmust joinmore info my 1 te best traffic exchangemust joinawesome rewardsmore infoads by 2dollarwave 2x5 super matrix member