term and condition these term and condition term agreement are an agreement between website operator website operator u we or our and you user you or your. this agreement set forth the general term and condition of your use of the 2haas com website and any of it product or service collectively website or service. user content we do not own any data information or material content that you submit on the website in the course of using the service. you shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy quality integrity legality reliability appropriateness and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all submitted content. we may monitor and review content on the website submitted or created using our service by you. you grant u permission to access copy distribute store transmit reformat display and perform the content of your user account solely a required for the purpose of providing the service to you. without limiting any of those representation or warranty we have the right though not the obligation to in our own sole discretion refuse or remove any content that in our reasonable opinion violates any of our policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable. unless specifically permitted by you your use of the website doe not grant u the license to use reproduce adapt modify publish or distribute the content created by you or stored in your user account for commercial marketing or any similar purpose. backup we are not responsible for content residing on the website. in no event shall we be held liable for any loss of any content. it is your sole responsibility to maintain appropriate backup of your content. notwithstanding the foregoing on some occasion and in certain circumstance with absolutely no obligation we may be able to restore some or all of your data that ha been deleted a of a certain date and time when we may have backed up data for our own purpose. we make no guarantee that the data you need will be available. link to other website although this website may link to other website we are not directly or indirectly implying any approval association sponsorship endorsement or affiliation with any linked website unless specifically stated herein. we are not responsible for examining or evaluating and we do not warrant the offering of any business or individual or the content of their website. we do not assume any responsibility or liability for the action product service and content of any other third party. you should carefully review the legal statement and other condition of use of any website which you access through a link from this website. your linking to any other off site website is at your own risk. prohibited us in addition to other term a set forth in the agreement you are prohibited from using the website or it content a for any unlawful purpose. b to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful act. c to violate any international federal provincial or state regulation rule law or local ordinance. d to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property right or the intellectual property right of others. e to harass abuse insult harm defame slander disparage intimidate or discriminate based on gender sexual orientation religion ethnicity race age national origin or disability. f to submit false or misleading information. g to upload or transmit virus or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the service or of any related website other website or the internet. h to spam phish pharm pretext spider crawl or scrape. i for any obscene or immoral purpose. or j to interfere with or circumvent the security feature of the service or any related website other website or the internet. we reserve the right to terminate your use of the service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited us. intellectual property right intellectual property right mean all present and future right conferred by statute common law or equity in or in relation to any copyright and related right trademark design patent invention goodwill and the right to sue for passing off right to invention right to use and all other intellectual property right in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all application and right to apply for and be granted right to claim priority from such right and all similar or equivalent right or form of protection and any other result of intellectual activity which subsist or will subsist now or in the future in any part of the world. this agreement doe not transfer to you any intellectual property owned by website operator or third party and all right title and interest in and to such property will remain a between the party solely with website operator. all trademark service mark graphic and logo used in connection with the website or service are trademark or registered trademark of website operator or website operator licensors. other trademark service mark graphic and logo used in connection with the website or service may be the trademark of other third party. your use of the website and service grant you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any website operator or third party trademark. limitation of liability to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in no event will website operator it affiliate director officer employee agent supplier or licensors be liable to any person for any indirect incidental special punitive cover or consequential damage including without limitation damage for lost profit revenue sale goodwill use of content impact on business business interruption loss of anticipated saving loss of business opportunity however caused under any theory of liability including without limitation contract tort warranty breach of statutory duty negligence or otherwise even if the liable party ha been advised a to the possibility of such damage or could have foreseen such damage. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law the aggregate liability of website operator and it affiliate officer employee agent supplier and licensors relating to the service will be limited to an amount greater of one dollar or any amount actually paid in cash by you to website operator for the prior one month period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. the limitation and exclusion also apply if this remedy doe not fully compensate you for any loss or fails of it essential purpose. indemnification you agree to indemnify and hold website operator and it affiliate director officer employee agent supplier and licensors harmless from and against any liability loss damage or cost including reasonable attorney fee incurred in connection with or arising from any third party allegation claim action dispute or demand asserted against any of them a a result of or relating to your content your use of the website or service or any willful misconduct on your part. severability all right and restriction contained in this agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable law and are intended to be limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this agreement illegal invalid or unenforceable. if any provision or portion of any provision of this agreement shall be held to be illegal invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction it is the intention of the party that the remaining provision or portion thereof shall constitute their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and all such remaining provision or portion thereof shall remain in full force and effect. change and amendment we reserve the right to modify this agreement or it policy relating to the website or service at any time effective upon posting of an updated version of this agreement on the website. when we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. continued use of the website after any such change shall constitute your consent to such change. acceptance of these term you acknowledge that you have read this agreement and agree to all it term and condition. by using the website or it service you agree to be bound by this agreement. if you do not agree to abide by the term of this agreement you are not authorized to use or access the website and it service. contacting u if you would like to contact u to understand more about this agreement or wish to contact u concerning any matter relating to it you may do so via the contact form this document wa last updated on june 21 2020