acceptable use policy these acceptable use policy acceptable use policy aup policy is an agreement between website operator website operator u we or our and you user you or your. this policy set forth the general guideline and acceptable and prohibited us of the 2haas com website and any of it product or service collectively website or service. prohibited activity and us you may not use the service to publish content or engage in activity that is illegal under applicable law that is harmful to others or that would subject u to liability including without limitation in connection with any of the following each of which is prohibited under this policy distributing malware or other malicious code. disclosing sensitive personal information about others. collecting or attempting to collect personal information about third party without their knowledge or consent. distributing pornography or adult related content. promoting or facilitating prostitution or any escort service. hosting distributing or linking to child pornography or content that is harmful to minor. promoting or facilitating gambling violence terrorist activity or selling weapon or ammunition. engaging in the unlawful distribution of controlled substance drug contraband or prescription medication. managing payment aggregator or facilitator such a processing payment on behalf of other business or charity. facilitating pyramid scheme or other model intended to seek payment from public actor. threatening harm to person or property or otherwise harassing behavior. infringing the intellectual property or other proprietary right of others. facilitating aiding or encouraging any of the above activity through our service. system abuse any user in violation of our service security is subject to criminal and civil liability a well a immediate account termination. example include but are not limited to the following use or distribution of tool designed for compromising security of the service. intentionally or negligently transmitting file containing a computer virus or corrupted data. accessing another network without permission including to probe or scan for vulnerability or breach security or authentication measure. unauthorized scanning or monitoring of data on any network or system without proper authorization of the owner of the system or network. service resource you may not consume excessive amount of the service or use the service in any way which result in performance issue or which interrupt the service for other user. prohibited activity that contribute to excessive use include without limitation deliberate attempt to overload the service and broadcast attack i e. denial of service attack. engaging in any other activity that degrade the usability and performance of our service. no spam policy you may not use our service to send spam or bulk unsolicited message. we maintain a zero tolerance policy for use of our service in any manner associated with the transmission distribution or delivery of any bulk e mail including unsolicited bulk or unsolicited commercial e mail or the sending assisting or commissioning the transmission of commercial e mail that doe not comply with the u s can spam act of 2003 spam. your product or service advertised via spam i e. spamvertised may not be used in conjunction with our service. this provision includes but is not limited to spam sent via fax phone postal mail email instant messaging or newsgroups. defamation and objectionable content we value the freedom of expression and encourage user to be respectful with the content they post. we are not a publisher of user content and are not in a position to investigate the veracity of individual defamation claim or to determine whether certain material which we may find objectionable should be censored. however we reserve the right to moderate disable or remove any content to prevent harm to others or to u or our service a determined in our sole discretion. privacy protection we don t use any 3rd party service to ensure your privacy though our service. privacy mean your data ex personal information name phone number etc are not shared with any other organization. read more on privacy policy. privacy policy this privacy policy policy describes how website operator website operator we u or our collect protects and us the personally identifiable information personal information you user you or your may provide on the 2haas com website and any of it product or service collectively website or service. it also describes the choice available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. this policy doe not apply to the practice of company that we do not own or control or to individual that we do not employ or manage. automatic collection of information our top priority is customer data security and a such we exercise the no log policy. we may process only minimal user data only a much a it is absolutely necessary to maintain the website or service. information collected automatically is used only to identify potential case of abuse and establish statistical information regarding website usage. this statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system. collection of personal information you can visit the website without telling u who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you a a specific identifiable individual. if however you wish to use some of the website s feature you may be asked to provide certain personal information for example your name and e mail address. we receive and store any information you knowingly provide to u when you fill any online form on the website. you can choose not to provide u with your personal information but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the website s feature. user who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact u. use and processing of collected information in order to make our website and service available to you or to meet a legal obligation we need to collect and use certain personal information. if you do not provide the information that we request we may not be able to provide you with the requested product or service. some of the information we collect is directly from you via our website. however we may also collect personal information about you from other source. any of the information we collect from you may be used for the following purpose request user feedback improve user experience enforce term and condition and policy protect from abuse and malicious user respond to legal request and prevent harm run and operate our website and service processing your personal information depends on how you interact with our website where you are located in the world and if one of the following applies i you have given your consent for one or more specific purpose. this however doe not apply whenever the processing of personal information is subject to california consumer privacy act or european data protection law. ii provision of information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and or for any pre contractual obligation thereof. iii processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject. iv processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in u. v processing is necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interest pursued by u or by a third party. note that under some legislation we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing by opting out without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal base below. in any case we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing and in particular whether the provision of personal information is a statutory or contractual requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. disclosure of information the maintain the highest level of privacy and protecting your personal information to the full extent we do not share your personal information with anyone and for any reason. retention of information we will retain and use your personal information for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligation resolve dispute and enforce our agreement unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. we may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your personal information after you update or delete it but not in a manner that would identify you personally. once the retention period expires personal information shall be deleted. therefore the right to access the right to erasure the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period. transfer of information depending on your location data transfer may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than your own. you are entitled to learn about the legal basis of information transfer to a country outside the european union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more country such a the un and about the security measure taken by u to safeguard your information. if any such transfer take place you can find out more by checking the relevant section of this privacy policy or inquire with u using the information provided in the contact section. the right of user you may exercise certain right regarding your information processed by u. in particular you have the right to do the following i you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information. ii you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. iii you have the right to learn if information is being processed by u obtain disclosure regarding certain aspect of the processing and obtain a copy of the information undergoing processing. iv you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected. v you have the right under certain circumstance to restrict the processing of your information in which case we will not process your information for any purpose other than storing it. vi you have the right under certain circumstance to obtain the erasure of your personal information from u. vii you have the right to receive your information in a structured commonly used and machine readable format and if technically feasible to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. this provision is applicable provided that your information is processed by automated mean and that the processing is based on your consent on a contract which you are part of or on pre contractual obligation thereof. the right to object to processing where personal information is processed for the public interest in the exercise of an official authority vested in u or for the purpose of the legitimate interest pursued by u you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection. data protection right under gdpr if you are a resident of the european economic area eea you have certain data protection right. website operator aim to take reasonable step to allow you to correct amend delete or limit the use of your personal information. if you wish to be informed what personal information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our system please contact u. in certain circumstance you have the following data protection right you have the right to request access to your personal information that we store and have the ability to access your personal information. you have the right to request that we correct any personal information you believe is inaccurate. you also have the right to request u to complete the personal information you believe is incomplete. you have the right to request the erase your personal information under certain condition of this privacy policy. you have the right to object to our processing of your personal information. you have the right to seek restriction on the processing of your personal information. when you restrict the processing of your personal information we may store it but will not process it further. you have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured machine readable and commonly used format. you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where website operator relied on your consent to process your personal information. you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. for more information please contact your local data protection authority in the european economic area eea. california privacy right in addition to the right a explained in this privacy policy california resident who provide personal information a defined in the statute to obtain product or service for personal family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from u once a calendar year information about the personal information we shared if any with other business for marketing us. if applicable this information would include the category of personal information and the name and address of those business with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year e g request made in the current year will receive information about the prior year. to obtain this information please contact u. how to exercise these right any request to exercise your right can be directed to website operator through the contact detail provided in this document. please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such request. your request must provide sufficient information that allows u to verify that you are the person you are claiming to be or that you are the authorized representative of such person. you must include sufficient detail to allow u to properly understand the request and respond to it. we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information unless we first verify your identity or authority to make such a request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. privacy of child we do not knowingly collect any personal information from child under the age of 18 if you are under the age of 18 please do not submit any personal information through our website or service. we encourage parent and legal guardian to monitor their child s internet usage and to help enforce this policy by instructing their child never to provide personal information through our website or service without their permission. if you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 ha provided personal information to u through our website or service please contact u. you must also be at least 16 year of age to consent to the processing of your personal information in your country in some country we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf. do not track signal some browser incorporate a do not track feature that signal to website you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. tracking is not the same a using or collecting information in connection with a website. for these purpose tracking refers to collecting personally identifiable information from consumer who use or visit a website or online service a they move across different website over time. our website doe not track it visitor over time and across third party website. however some third party site may keep track of your browsing activity when they serve you content which enables them to tailor what they present to you. link to other website our website contains link to other website that are not owned or controlled by u. please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practice of such other website or third party. we encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statement of each and every website that may collect personal information. information security we secure information you provide on computer server in a controlled secure environment protected from unauthorized access use or disclosure. we maintain reasonable administrative technical and physical safeguard in an effort to protect against unauthorized access use modification and disclosure of personal information in it control and custody. however no data transmission over the internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. therefore while we strive to protect your personal information you acknowledge that i there are security and privacy limitation of the internet which are beyond our control. ii the security integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our website cannot be guaranteed. and iii any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party despite best effort. data breach in the event we become aware that the security of the website ha been compromised or user personal information ha been disclosed to unrelated third party a a result of external activity including but not limited to security attack or fraud we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measure including but not limited to investigation and reporting a well a notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authority. in the event of a data breach we will make reasonable effort to notify affected individual if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user a a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. when we do we will post a notice on the website. change and amendment we may update this privacy policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material change to the way in which we treat personal information. when change are made we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. we may also provide notice to you in other way in our discretion such a through contact information you have provided. any updated version of this privacy policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised privacy policy unless otherwise specified. your continued use of the website or service after the effective date of the revised privacy policy or such other act specified at that time will constitute your consent to those change. however we will not without your consent use your personal information in a manner materially different than what wa stated at the time your personal information wa collected. acceptance of this policy you acknowledge that you have read this policy and agree to all it term and condition. by using the website or it service you agree to be bound by this policy. if you do not agree to abide by the term of this policy you are not authorized to use or access the website and it service. copyrighted content copyrighted material must not be published via our service without the explicit permission of the copyright owner or a person explicitly authorized to give such permission by the copyright owner. upon receipt of a claim for copyright infringement or a notice of such violation we will immediately run full investigation and upon confirmation will promptly remove the infringing material from the service. we may terminate the service of user with repeated copyright infringement. further procedure may be carried out if necessary. we will assume no liability to any user of the service for the removal of any such material. if you believe your copyright is being infringed by a person or person using our service please send a report of the copyright infringement to the contact detail listed at the end of this policy. enforcement we reserve our right to be the sole arbiter in determining the seriousness of each infringement and to immediately take corrective action including but not limited to disabling or removing any content which is prohibited by this policy including to prevent harm to others or to u or our service a determined by u in our sole discretion. reporting violation to law enforcement a determined by u in our sole discretion. a failure to respond to an email from our abuse team within 2 day or a otherwise specified in the communication to you may result in the suspension or termination of your service. nothing contained in this policy shall be construed to limit our action or remedy in any way with respect to any of the prohibited activity. in addition we reserve at all time all right and remedy available to u with respect to such activity at law or in equity. reporting violation if you have discovered and would like to report a violation of this policy please contact u immediately. we will investigate the situation and provide you with full assistance. change and amendment we reserve the right to modify this policy or it term relating to the website or service at any time effective upon posting of an updated version of this policy on the website. when we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. continued use of the website after any such change shall constitute your consent to such change. acceptance of this policy you acknowledge that you have read this policy and agree to all it term and condition. by using the website or it service you agree to be bound by this policy. if you do not agree to abide by the term of this policy you are not authorized to use or access the website and it service. contacting u if you would like to contact u to understand more about this policy or wish to contact u concerning any matter relating to our use of cooky you may do so via the contact form. this document wa last updated on june 21 2020