cookie policy this cookie policy policy describes what cooky are and how website operator website operator we u or our us them on the 2haas com website and any of it product or service collectively website or service. you should read this policy so you can understand what type of cooky we use the information we collect using cooky and how that information is used. it also describes the choice available to you regarding accepting or declining the use of cooky. for further information on how we use store and keep your personal data secure see our privacy policy. what are cooky. cooky are small piece of data stored in text file that are saved on your computer or other device when website are loaded in a browser. they are widely used to remember you and your preference either for a single visit through a session cookie or for multiple repeat visit using a persistent cookie. session cooky are temporary cooky that are used during the course of your visit to the website and they expire when you close the web browser. persistent cooky are used to remember your preference within our website and remain on your desktop or mobile device even after you close your browser or restart your computer. they ensure a consistent and efficient experience for you while visiting our website or using our service. cooky may be set by the website first party cooky or by third party such a those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics service on the website third party cooky. these third party can recognize you when you visit our website and also when you visit certain other website. what are your cookie option. if you don t like the idea of cooky or certain type of cooky you can change your browser s setting to delete cooky that have already been set and to not accept new cooky. to learn more about how to do this or to learn more about cooky visit internetcookies org change and amendment we reserve the right to modify this policy relating to the website or service at any time effective upon posting of an updated version of this policy on the website. when we do we will post a notification on the main page of our website. continued use of the website after any such change shall constitute your consent to such change. acceptance of this policy you acknowledge that you have read this policy and agree to all it term and condition. by using the website or it service you agree to be bound by this policy. if you do not agree to abide by the term of this policy you are not authorized to use or access the website and it service. contacting u if you would like to contact u to understand more about this policy or wish to contact u concerning any matter relating to our use of cooky you may do so via the contact form this document wa last updated on june 21 2020