privacy policy effective date january 11 2021 three angel broadcasting network inc â usâ â weâ or â ourâ operates the http 3abn org website hereinafter referred to a the service and a live streaming delivery and video on demand service of our broadcast and programming across numerous platform including but not limited to website stream youtube apps roku amazon fire apple tv verizon fios and others. 3abn is committed to providing clear and concise information regarding our privacy policy and practice. this privacy statement describes how 3abn collect us and discloses certain personal information in the course of providing streaming and video service. by accessing our streaming service or utilizing our apps or video on demand feature you consent to the information collection and handling practice outlined in this statement. unless otherwise defined in this privacy statement the term used in this privacy statement have the same meaning a in our term and condition accessible from http 3abn org. i definition service and scope definition service our service for purpose of this statement consist of the live streaming and corresponding on demand video service operated by three angel broadcasting network inc â serviceâ. our service cover the full spectrum of 3abn programming and broadcasting. 3abn is not responsible for the privacy or security practice of our user. furthermore this privacy statement doe not apply to the privacy or security practice of any third party. personal data personal data mean information or likeness of a living individual who can be identified from those data or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession. usage data usage data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself for example the duration of a live streaming visit. cooky cooky are small file stored on your device computer or mobile device. data controller data controller mean the natural or legal person who either alone or jointly or in common with other person determines the purpose for which and the manner in which any personal information are or are to be processed. for the purpose of this privacy statement we are a data controller of your personal data. data processor or service provider data processor or service provider mean any natural or legal person who process the data on behalf of the data controller. we may use the service of various service provider in order to process your data more effectively. data subject or user data subject is any living individual who is using our service and is the subject of personal data. ii. information collection and use we collect several different type of information for various purpose to provide and improve our service to you. the personal information varies depending on the service being utilized and multiple service may be integrated for a user. the type of personal information collected includes the following type of data collected personal data while using our service we may ask you to provide u with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you â personal dataâ. personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to email address first name and last name phone number address state province zip postal code city cooky and usage data we may use your personal data to contact you with newsletter marketing or promotional material and other information that may be of interest to you. you may opt out of receiving any or all of these communication from u by following the unsubscribe link or instruction provided in any email we send or by contacting u. usage data we may also collect information on how the service is accessed and used â usage dataâ. this usage data may include information such a your deviceâ s internet protocol address e g. ip address browser type browser version the specific program or broadcast of our service that you visit the time and date of your visit the time spent on live streaming or using our on demand video feature any comment you may provide to our programming unique device identifier and other diagnostic data. tracking amp. cooky data we use cooky and similar tracking technology to track the activity on our service and we hold certain information for recordkeeping purpose. among other thing cooky enable u to gather information about your activity on our living streaming service for the purpose of improving your experience establishing secure user account remembering your preference and setting and for other similar customization purpose. cooky are file with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. cooky are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. other tracking technology are also used such a beacon tag and script to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service. for example these technology can identify popular page viewing pattern click through conversion rate and other information that can be used to improve monitor and operate our website product and service. you can instruct your browser to refuse all cooky or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however if you do not accept cooky you may not be able to use some portion of our service. for streaming and video if you create an account we primarily use cooky to store your name and email along with a history of the video you have watched for analytic purpose. we do not collect additional private information beyond that information. iii. data use three angel broadcasting network inc us the collected data for various purpose to provide and maintain our service to notify you about change to our programming or service to personalize and enhance your experience and or communication to provide customer support to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service to monitor the usage of our service to detect prevent and address technical issue to provide you with news special offer and general information about other good service and event which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information iv. legal basis for processing personal data under the general data protection regulation gdpr if you are from the european economic area eea three angel broadcasting network inc legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this privacy statement depends on the personal data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. three angel broadcasting network inc may process your personal data because we need to perform a contract with you you have given u permission to do so the processing is in our legitimate interest and it is not overridden by your right for payment processing purpose to comply with the law v retention of data three angel broadcasting network inc will retain your personal data only for a long a is necessary for the purpose set out in this privacy statement. we will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligation for example if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable law resolve dispute and enforce our legal agreement and policy. three angel broadcasting network inc will also retain usage data for internal analysis purpose. usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer period. vi. transfer of data your information including personal data may be transferred to â and maintained on â computer located outside of your state province country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection law may differ from those of your jurisdiction. if you are located outside the united state and choose to provide information to u please note that we transfer the data including personal data to the united state and process it there. your consent to this privacy statement followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. three angel broadcasting network inc will take all the step reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy statement and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate control in place including the security of your data and other personal information. vii. disclosure of data disclosure for law enforcement under certain circumstance three angel broadcasting network inc may be required to disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid request by public authority e g. a court or a government agency. legal requirement three angel broadcasting network inc may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to to comply with a legal obligation to protect and defend the right or property of three angel broadcasting network inc to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service to protect the personal safety of user of the service or the public to protect against legal liability three angel broadcasting network doe not sell personal information collected through these service. security of data the security of your data is important to u but remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100 secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable mean to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee it absolute security. we maintain security policy and procedure to handle incident involving unauthorized access to personal data we process. our statement on do not track signal under the california online protection act caloppa we do not support do not track dnt. do not track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform website that you do not want to be tracked. you can enable or disable do not track by visiting the preference or setting page of your web browser. california resident may avail themselves of right granted by california law and regulation. your data protection right under the general data protection regulation gdpr if you are a resident of the european economic area eea you have certain data protection right. three angel broadcasting network inc aim to take reasonable step to allow you to correct amend delete or limit the use of your personal data. if you wish to be informed about what personal data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our system please contact u. in certain circumstance you have the following data protection right the right to access update or delete the information we have on you. whenever made possible you can access update or request deletion of your personal data directly within your account setting section. if you are unable to perform these action yourself please contact u to assist you. the right of rectification. you have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. the right of restriction. you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information. the right to data portability. you have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured machine readable and commonly used format. the right to withdraw consent. you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where three angel broadcasting network inc relied on your consent to process your personal information. please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such request. you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. for more information please contact your local data protection authority in the european economic area eea. service provider we may employ third party company and individual to facilitate our service â service providersâ provide the service on our behalf perform service related service or assist u in analyzing how our service is used. these third party have access to your personal data only to perform these task on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. these third party may have separate and independent privacy statement term of use and related notice or disclosure regarding information handling practice. we cannot be responsible for the information handling practice of independent party and encourage you to review their practice prior to information disclosure. analytics we may use third party service provider to monitor and analyze the use of our service. payment we may provide paid product and or service within the service. in that case we use third party service for payment processing e g. payment processor. we will not store or collect your payment card detail. that information is provided directly to our third party payment processor whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy statement. these payment processor adhere to the standard set by pci ds a managed by the pci security standard council which is a joint effort of brand like visa mastercard american express and discover. pci ds requirement help ensure the secure handling of payment information. the payment processor we work with are paypal their privacy policy can be viewed at http www paypal com webapps mpp ua privacy full authorize net their privacy policy can be viewed at http usa visa com legal privacy policy html square their privacy policy can be viewed at http squareup com u en legal general privacy no account stripe their privacy policy can be viewed at http stripe com privacy evo payment their privacy policy can be viewed at http www evopayments u privacy policy apple pay through stripe their privacy policy can be viewed at http stripe com privacy google pay through stripe their privacy policy can be viewed at http stripe com privacy amazon their privacy policy can be viewed at http www amazon com gp help customer display html nodeid gx7njq4zb8mhfrnj link to other site our service may contain link to other site that are not operated by u. if you click a third party link you will be directed to that third party s site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy statement of every site you visit. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content privacy policy or practice of any third party site or service. change to this privacy policy we reserve the right to update our privacy statement from time to time. we will notify you of any change by posting the new privacy statement on this page together with the effective date of change. we will let you know via email and or a prominent notice on our service prior to the change becoming effective and update the effective date at the top of this privacy statement. you are advised to review this privacy statement periodically for any change. change to this privacy statement are effective when they are posted on this page. contact u if you have any question about this privacy statement please contact u by email mail 3abn org by visiting this page on our website http 3abn org contact html by phone number 618 627 4651 by mail p o. box 220 west frankfort il 62896 trademark 3abn 3abn dare to dream network 3abn latino network 3abn latino radio network 3abn franã ai network 3abn proclaim 3abn russia network 3abn russia radio network 3abn radio network 3abn radio music channel 3abn praise him music network 3abn international network 3abn australia radio network 3abn kid network 3abn audio and the 3abn logo are registered trademark of three angel broadcasting network inc 3abn produced program logo are registered trademark of three angel broadcasting network inc apple and the apple logo are trademark of apple inc registered in the u s and other country. app store is a service mark of apple inc registered in the u s and other country. android and google play are trademark of google inc verizon fios is a registered trademark of verizon inc facebook and the facebook logo are trademark of facebook inc twitter and the twitter logo are trademark of facebook inc dish network logo is a registered trademark of dish network inc verizon fios is a registered trademark of verizon inc