3abn term of use last modified january 11 2021 1 acceptance of the term of use â â welcome to the website of three angel broadcasting network inc nbsp. â 3abnâ. these term of use constitute a legal agreement between 3abn and â you â and similar term such a â yourâ meaning i you in your individual capacity ii any company or other legal entity on whose behalf or for whose benefit you are accessing this website and iii any person or entity who may have right through you. the following term and condition together with any document they expressly incorporate by reference collectively these â term of useâ govern your access to and use of the website with a homepage located at www 3abn org a well a subordinate and affiliated page including the career page and all content functionality and service offered on or through such website collectively the â websiteâ whether a a guest or registered user. â â please read these term of use carefully before you start using the website. by using the website except a indicated otherwise you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these term of use. if you do not agree to this term of use you may not access or use the website. 2 change to the term of use â â 3abn may change these term of use from time to time in our sole discretion without notice to you. when done 3abn will post the change s on the website. by continuing to access or use the website or any content after those change have been posted you agree to be bound by the revised term of use. 3 access and use of the website â â access to the website may be monitored by 3abn. a a condition of your use of this website you will not use the website or the website information for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these term of use. in addition you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the website any website information or any portion feature or area of the website or to any 3abn server or to any of the service offered on or through the website by hacking password â mining â or any other mean. probe scan or test the vulnerability of the website or any network connected to the website nor breach the security or authentication measure on the website or any network connected to the website take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the website or 3abnâ s system or network or any system or network connected to the website use any device software or routine to interfere with damage disable overload or impair the proper working of the website or with any other personâ s use of the website forge header impersonate a person or otherwise manipulate identifier in order to disguise your identity or the origin of any message or information you send on or through the website use the website to harvest or collect phone number email address or other contact or personal information. or use the website in an unlawful manner or in a manner that could damage disparage or otherwise negatively impact 3abn. â â you may link to the website home page but are not authorized to link to any other page on the website without the prior express written consent of 3abn provided that 3abn reserve the right to withdraw this consent at any time in it discretion. you may not use any of 3abnâ s proprietary logo mark or other distinctive graphic video or audio material in your link. you may not link in any manner reasonably likely to 1 imply affiliation with or endorsement or sponsorship by 3abn. 2 cause confusion mistake or deception. 3 dilute 3abnâ s trademark service mark or trade name. or 4 otherwise violate applicable law. â â website information may refer to product program or service that are not available in your country. consult the website for information about the product program and service that may be available to you. 4 intellectual property â â all text graphic sound file video file user interface visual interface photograph artwork computer code including html code program software product information and documentation a well a the design structure selection coordination expression â look and feelâ and arrangement of any content information or material contained on or available through the website unless otherwise indicated are owned controlled and or licensed by 3abn and affiliate of 3abn and are protected by law including united state copyright trade secret patent and trademark law a well a other state national and international law and regulation. â â these term of use provide to you a personal revocable limited non exclusive and non transferable license to access and use the website for personal non commercial purpose conditioned on your continued compliance with these term of use. 3abn doe not grant any express or implied right to you or any other person under any intellectual or proprietary right. â â except a expressly provided herein none of the material provided on this website may be copied distributed republished reproduced downloaded stored displayed modified marketed leased sold licensed sublicensed transmitted or commercially exploited in any form for commercial use without the prior written permission of 3abn. modification of the document related graphic and material or use of the document related graphic and material for any other purpose is a violation of 3abnâ s copyright and other proprietary right. in addition you may not translate decompile create any derivative work s of disassemble remove or alter any proprietary notice or label transfer mirror or frame the website or any content therein in any manner not expressly permitted by these term of use. â â individual visitor of this website are permitted to download or print one copy of material published on this website solely for their personal non commercial use provided they do not modify the material and that they retain all copyright and other proprietary notice contained in the material. this permission terminates automatically if you breach any of the term and condition contained herein. 3abn doe not grant any express or implied right to you under any patent trademark copyright or trade secret law. â â the trademark logo and service mark collectively referred to a â trademark s â displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trademark of 3abn or it affiliate and no trademark license either express or implied is granted by 3abn or it affiliate. you do not have any right to use any trademark displayed on this website without prior written permission of 3abn. â â copyright notice â three angel broadcasting network 1996 2021 all right reserved. 5 posting â â the website may contain blog message board forum comment area and other interactive feature where user can share and display material information and commentary â posting s â. you agree that you will not post transmit or discus any of the following on or through the website or it posting anything that interferes with or disrupts the website or the operation of the website statement or material that defames harasses abuse stalk threatens intimidates or in any way infringes on the right of others unauthorized copyrighted material or any other material that infringes on the intellectual property right trade secret or privacy of others statement or material that violate any contractual or fiduciary right duty or agreement statement or material that is bigoted hateful or racially offensive statement or material that encourages criminal conduct or that would give rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any law or regulation in any jurisdiction statement image or other material that contain vulgar obscene profane or otherwise objectionable language or image that typically would not be considered socially or professionally responsible or appropriate in person statement or material that harm minor statement or material that impersonate any other person or entity whether actual or fictitious including employee and representative of 3abn statement or material that misrepresent your affiliation with any entity and or 3abn anything that violates the privacy or publicity right of any other person including displaying any personal identifying information of another individual statement or material that constitute junk mail spam or unauthorized advertising or promotional material. or file that contain malicious code virus corrupted file or any other similar software or program that may damage the operation of anotherâ s computer network or the website. â â you represent that you have all necessary right consent or permission to make any posting. you also acknowledge that all posting are non confidential and that 3abn ha no control over the extent to which any idea or information may be used by any party or person once it is posted or displayed. in connection with making any posting you hereby and automatically grant to 3abn a non exclusive worldwide perpetual irrevocable royalty free sub licensable right and license through multiple tier to copy distribute create derivative work from display modify reformat transmit and otherwise use any such content or information for any purpose in any form medium or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any right that may exist in such content or information. 3abn assumes no responsibility for the deletion of or failure to store any posting content or information. 3abn is not a publisher of any posting and is merely functioning a an intermediary to enable you to provide and display a posting. â â 3abn is not responsible for screening policing editing or monitoring your or another userâ s posting. 3abn doe not endorse or oppose any opinion or information provided by you or another user and doe not make any representation with respect to nor doe it endorse the accuracy completeness timeliness or reliability of any advice opinion statement or other material displayed uploaded or distributed by you or any other user. nevertheless 3abn reserve the right to delete or take other action with respect to posting or part thereof that 3abn belief in good faith violate these term of use are or potentially are unlawful or harmful to 3abn or it product service and goodwill or for any other reason in 3abnâ s sole discretion. if you violate these term of use 3abn may in it sole discretion delete the unacceptable content from your posting remove or delete the posting in it entirety issue you a warning and or terminate your access or use of the website. â â you agree that you will at all time provide true accurate current and complete information when submitting information or material through the website including but not limited to when you provide information via an online form or via email. 6 use of the internet â â you are responsible for any cost you incur to access the internet or the website. you acknowledge and agree that use of the internet and access to or transmission or communication with the website is solely at your own risk. while 3abn ha endeavored to create a secure and reliable website you should understand that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from the website over the internet or other form of global communication network cannot be guaranteed. accordingly 3abn is not responsible for the security of any information transmitted to or from the website. 7 third party information â â certain information available on this website is provided by other party particularly information about such other party and link to third party content. you understand that all such information data text software music sound photograph graphic video message or other material are the sole responsibility of the originating party and that 3abn ha no responsibility for such content and doe not guarantee the accuracy integrity or quality of such content. in no event is the inclusion of a statement about another party a reference to such other party or a web link to another partyâ s website an endorsement of such other party their product or their service. 8 submission of idea policy â submission policyâ â â you agree any comment or material sent to 3abnâ s site or elsewhere including question comment suggestion or the like collectively â submissionsâ shall be deemed to be non confidential and non proprietary and shall be deemed to be the property of 3abn. 3abn shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such submission and 3abn shall be free to reproduce use disclose exhibit display transform create derivative work and distribute the submission to others without limitation and without liability or obligation of any kind to you. further 3abn shall be free to use any idea concept know how or technique contained in such submission for any purpose whatsoever you agree you shall have no recourse right claim or damage against 3abn for any alleged or actual use disclosure infringement or misappropriation of any of your right in your submission to 3abn. 9 feedback â â 3abn welcome user feedback regarding it ministry product and service. in providing feedback however user should be mindful of 3abnâ s submission policy set forth in these term of use. if you want to send u your feedback please provide only specific feedback on 3abnâ s existing product service promotion or business. do not include any submission that 3abnâ s term of use will not permit 3abn to consider. all feedback shall be deemed non confidential non proprietary and 3abn shall be free to use such feedback on an unrestricted basis. your submission of feedback shall give 3abn permission to use you name photograph likeness statement biographical information voice and address in all form of medium in perpetuity without notice or further compensation. 10 disclaimer of warranty â â all material provided on the website is provided to you â a isâ without warranty or condition of any kind expressed or implied including but not limited to the implied warranty of merchantability fitness for a particular purpose title non infringement accuracy or completeness of the information and those arising from a course of dealing usage or trade practice. some jurisdiction do not allow the exclusion of implied warranty. in such jurisdiction the disclaimer set forth immediately above may not be applicable. â â 3abn doe not warrant that the function contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error free that defect will be corrected or that this website or the server that make it available are free of virus or other harmful component. 3abn doe not warrant or make any representation regarding the use or the result of the use of the material in this site in term of their correctness accuracy reliability or otherwise. you and not 3abn assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing repair or correction. â â it is up to you to take precaution to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of item such a virus worm trojan horse and other item of a destructive nature. released party a defined below do not warrant or make any representation regarding the use or the result of the use of the material in this website in term of their correctness accuracy reliability or otherwise. â â released party make no representation or promise to develop provide or market any software service or product discussed on this website and you shall not rely on the information provided or the prospect of availability of any software service or product currently in development or currently anticipated to be made available in the future. 11 limitation of liability â â neither 3abn nor any of it related company affiliate or supplier or it or their officer director employee agent representative or subcontractor â released partiesâ shall be liable for any loss or liability resulting directly or indirectly from delay or interruption due to electronic or mechanical equipment failure denial of service attack date data processing failure telecommunication or internet problem utility failure or problem defect weather strike walkout fire act of god riot armed conflict act of war or other like cause beyond the reasonable control of 3abn. 3abn shall have no responsibility to provide access to this website while the interruption of this website due to any such cause shall continue. 3abn may discontinue providing access to this website at any time. â â under no circumstance including but not limited to negligence shall 3abn be liable for any direct indirect special incidental punitive or consequential damage including but not limited to loss of data or information loss of profit business interruption or any other damage arising out of the use reliance on or the inability to use the material on this site even if 3abn or a 3abn authorized representative ha been advised of the possibility of such damage. if your use of material from this site result in the need for servicing repair or correction of equipment or data you assume any cost thereof. in no event shall 3abnâ s total liability to you for all damage loss and cause of action whether in contract tort including but not limited to negligence or otherwise exceed the amount paid by you if any for accessing this site. â â some jurisdiction do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability. accordingly some of the above may not apply to you. 12 indemnification â â you agree to release defend indemnify and hold released party harmless from any loss liability claim or demand including reasonable attorneysâ fee made by any third party due to or arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of this website or any website information or breach of these term of use. 13 export and trade control â â you agree to abide by all applicable local state national and international law and regulation with respect to your access and use of the website. 3abn make no representation that the website is appropriate or available for use in any particular location and access to the website from state territory or nation where any aspect of the website is illegal is prohibited. you access the website on your own volition and are responsible for compliance with all applicable local law with respect to your access and use of the website. you agree not to import export re export or transfer directly or indirectly any part of the website or any content therein except in full compliance with all united state foreign and other applicable law and regulation. you agree to assume all responsibility related to or in connection with your access or use of the website. 14 jurisdiction â â this agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law of the state of illinois applicable to agreement made and to be performed in illinois. you agree that any legal action or proceeding between 3abn and you for any purpose concerning this agreement or the partiesâ obligation hereunder shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in illinois. 15 limitation on cause of action â â any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the website must be commenced within one 1 year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. 3abnâ s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed a a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the party nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this agreement. 3abn may assign it right and duty under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. 3abn may terminate this agreement at any time without notice for any reason. 16 termination â â these term of use will take effect a soon a you access or use the website and will remain effective unless and until terminated by either you or 3abn. you may terminate these term of use at any time and for any reason by deactivating your account if applicable and by discontinuing any further access or use of the website or any content from or related to the website. in addition by providing material on the website 3abn doe not in any way promise that the material will remain available to you. 3abn is entitled to terminate all or part of any of it website at any time without notice to you â â 3abn may terminate these term of use at any time and for any reason and may do so immediately without notice. in addition 3abn reserve the right at any time and for any reason including any action or omission by you that violate any term or condition of these term of use to terminate suspend or deny your access to or use of the website or any portion of the website or any content associated with the website. â â the term and condition that by their nature should survive will survive termination of these term of use for any reason including but not limited to the following provision 4 8 10 12 14 and 15. 17 copyright policy â â 3abn prohibits the submission of any copyrighted material without the user first obtaining the prior written consent of the copyright owner. in particular if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any submission posting or other content infringes upon your copyright s you may submit a notification pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act â dmcaâ by providing our copyright agent with the following information in writing see 17 u s c. â 512 c 3 for further detail a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or if multiple copyrighted work are covered by a single notification a representative list of such work at the website. identification of the material on the website that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or to which access is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit u to locate the material information reasonably sufficient to permit u to contact you such a an address telephone number and if available an email address a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner it agent or the law. and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. â â our designated copyright agent to receive notification of claimed infringement can be reached at copyright 3abn org. for clarity only dmca notice should go to the copyright agent. any other feedback comment request for technical support and other communication should be directed to customer service at mail 3abn org. you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirement of this section your dmca notice may not be valid. â â if you believe that any material you submitted that wa removed or to which access ha been disabled is not infringing or that you have the authorization of the copyright owner the copyright ownerâ s agent or pursuant to law to post and use the material then you may send a counter notice containing the following information to the copyright agent your physical or electronic signature identification of the material that ha been removed or to which access ha been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it wa removed or access to it wa disabled a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material wa removed or disabled a a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material. and your name physical address telephone number and email address a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in illinois and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. 18 notice and procedure for claim of intellectual property infringement â â these term of use prohibit user from violating another partyâ s intellectual property right. for copyright claim intellectual property owner should follow the term related to removal of copyrighted material a set forth above. for other intellectual property violation right holder may submit a valid notice of intellectual property infringement to 3abn via email at legal 3abn org. a valid notice of infringement must identify the following identification of the work claimed to have been infringed e g trademark registration identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing together with information sufficient to locate the allegedly infringing material on the website your contact information including your address telephone number and a valid email address. and a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material is not authorized. â â you may also contact u by mail at po box 220 west frankfort illinois 62896 â â by submitting a valid notice of infringement you agree that 3abn may provide your request to the user who posted the material addressed in your notice. upon receipt of a valid notice of intellectual property infringement 3abn may remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing content in it sole discretion. 3abn may terminate the account of repeat infringers under appropriate circumstance. 19 term and condition for 3abn job opportunity site â 3abn job siteâ access â â eeo compliance. 3abn considers all applicant for employment without regard to race color religion creed sex sexual orientation marital status ancestry national origin age disability or other status protected by local state or federal law. 3abn also provides â reasonable accommodationsâ to qualified individual with disability in accordance with the american with disability act and applicable state and local law. â â a no expectation of privacy â â by the use of this site you expressly consent to the dissemination of your personal information within 3abn and or it authorized agent in furtherance of the purpose of this career site. all information submitted via this site becomes the property of 3abn which shall be free to use it in an unrestricted manner. there are no obligation of confidentiality regarding submitted information except a may be required by law. any information submitted will be subject to unlimited use by 3abn and the site administrator including the intended purpose of the career site interpreted in accordance with the most expansive interpretation of such purpose â â personal information you provide to the site will be processed in order to provide 3abnâ s recruitment group and related management with information regarding your interest in potential employment with 3abn. by accepting these term and condition you authorize 3abn to use your information including but not limited to any personal data or sensitive data to process your expression of interest in employment opportunity. to provide you with any service available on this site. to communicate with you. or to conduct any other processing relating to potential position vacancy at 3abn. such processing may include but shall not be limited to processing your personal information and transmitting it to other 3abn affiliate subsidiary or third party acting on 3abnâ s behalf including but not limited to those in the various country where 3abn conduct business â â b term and condition general descriptive material only â â this is a career opportunity site created to permit access to information regarding potential position vacancy within 3abn. nothing within the site is anything other than general descriptive material describing potential position vacancy. this site is not intended to and doe not provide binding offer term or condition of employment. any employment offer that may result from the submission of information through this site is in accordance with the specific written term of that offer which supersedes any and all content of this site. governing law â â this career site permit individual to apply for specific job at 3abn. potential position vacancy described on this site are governed by the law of the country where the potential position is located. by applying for a job through this site you accept that i the law of the country where the potential position vacancy is located will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising from your application. ii the law of the country where the potential position vacancy is located shall apply to your application. and iii any 3abn entity located in the country from which you submitted your application is not responsible or liable for the prerequisite or limitation to which your application may be subject under the law of the country where the potential position vacancy is located. this site is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. â â unless otherwise dictated by local law outside of the united state this agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the law of the state of illinois applicable to agreement made and to be performed in illinois. you agree that any legal action or proceeding between 3abn and you for any purpose concerning this agreement or the partiesâ obligation hereunder shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in illinois. any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site must be commenced within one 1 year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. 3abnâ s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this agreement shall not be construed a a waiver of any provision or right. neither the course of conduct between the party nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of this agreement. 3abn may assign it right and duty under this agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. 3abn may terminate this agreement at any time without notice for any reason. 20 privacy policy â â see 3abnâ s privacy policy which is incorporated in the term of use relating to the collection and use of information through this website. 21 relationship â â no joint venture partnership employment or agency relationship exists between you and 3abn a a result of these term of use or your access or use of the website. 22 entire agreement â â these term of use shall constitute the entire agreement including the privacy policy set forth herein between you and 3abn regarding the use of the website. the failure of 3abn to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these term of use shall not operate a a waiver of such right or provision. 23 severability â â if any provision of these term of use is unlawful void or unenforceable that provision is deemed severable from this agreement and doe not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. 24 waiver â â failure by 3abn to insist on strict performance of any of the term and condition of these term of use will not operate a a waiver by 3abn of that or any subsequent default or failure of performance. 25 no assignment â â these term of use are for the benefit of you and 3abn a well a 3abnâ s affiliate successor and assigns. accordingly these term of use are personal to you and you may not assign your right or obligation to any other person or entity without 3abnâ s prior written consent. 26 equitable relief â â you acknowledge that any actual or threatened breach of these term of use will cause irreparable injury to 3abn such injury would not be quantifiable in monetary damage and 3abn would not have an adequate remedy at law. you therefore agree that 3abn is entitled in addition to other available remedy to seek and be awarded an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining any actual or threatened breach of your obligation under any provision of these term of use. accordingly you hereby waive any requirement that 3abn post any bond or other security if any injunctive or equitable relief is sought by or awarded to 3abn to enforce any provision of these term of use