3commas logo link to main page feature featuressmart tool for trader with no limit smart tradeterminal with enhanced automation tradingviewover 100 deal start signal crypto signalsprofessional trading strategy dca botpurchase at opportune moment grid bottrade in sideways market option botbuy call and put option hodl botbuild your long hold portfolio exchanges17 major exchange trading terminalprofit from quick scalp enterpriseorchestrate thousand of account system statusservices availability and more plan price chart crypto pricesprices live chart convertercurrency converter bitcoin ethereum xrp terra dogecoin smooth love shiba inu polkadot luna cardano vechain solana trading bot dca botpurchase at opportune moment grid bottrade in sideways market option botbuy call and put option hodl botbuild your long hold portfolio binance bot okx bot deribit bot bittrex bot kucoin bot kraken bot bitstamp bot huobi bot ripple bot bitfinex bot ethereum bot bitmex bot crypto com bot coinbase bot bybit bot dogecoin bot developer 3commas appspublish your app on our marketplace apps chatcollaborate with other developer api gitbuild unique functionality on top of 3commas api chatshare your technical knowledge company about 3commaslearn more about u and our story careerswe are hiring. apply now knowledge baseget answer to any question partnershipteam up with 3commas securityworld class security and protection bloglearn all about crypto stay in touch academy sign intry it freeen russian french portuguese chinese spanish korean czech turkish deutsch cookie policy this cookie policy is effective a of february 16 2022 this policy specifically explains how we deploy and administer cooky on our website http 3commas io nbsp. the site a well a the option you have to control them. for further information on how we process your personal data see our privacy policy. what are cooky. cooky are small piece of data stored in text file that are stored on your computer or other device when website are loaded in a browser. they are widely used to remember you and your preference either for a single visit â session cookieâ or for multiple repeat visit â persistent cookieâ. they ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitor and perform essential function such a allowing user to register and remain logged in. cooky may be set by the site that you are visiting â first party cookiesâ or by third party such a those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics service on the website â third party cookiesâ. the type of cooky we use required cooky these are necessary cooky without which the site wonâ t work properly or be able to provide certain feature and functionality. some of these may be manually disabled in your browser but can affect the functionality of the site. cookie namehostnamepurposeexpiry1c 3commas io store user selected language session visitor_id 3commas io user id is used to match user from the landing page and within the project 7305 day px browser 3commas io user browser data 30 day agreement 3commas io show status whether user agreement approved or not while registering 365 day panel_state 3commas io show status whether sidebar opened or closed 31 day hidden_balances 3commas io show status whether user balance opened or hidden 31 day chat_open 3commas io show status whether intercom chat opened or closed 31 day preference cooky preference cooky are used to recognize repeat visitor to the site. we use these cooky to record your browsing history the page you have visited and your setting and preference each time you visit the site namehostnamepurposeexpiry_ym_uid 3commas io used for identifying site user by yandex metrica. 365 day _ym_d 3commas io this cookie save the date of the user s first site session by yandex metrica. 365 day _ym_isad 3commas io determines whether a user ha ad blocker by yandex metrica. 20 hour visitor_info1_live youtube com a cookie that the youtube set that measure your bandwidth to determine whether you get the new player interface or the old. 180 day consent youtube com used by google to store user consent preference 6026 day 15 hour analytical cooky analytical cooky monitor how user reached the site and how they interact with and move around once on the site. these cooky let u know what feature on the site are working the best and what feature on the site can be improved namehostnamepurposeexpirygtmauth 3commas io initializing the google tag manager session gtmformid 3commas io initializing the google tag manager session _ga 3commas io contains a unique identifier used by google analytics to determine that two distinct hit belong to the same user across browsing session. 730 day _ga tradingview com contains a unique identifier used by google analytics to determine that two distinct hit belong to the same user across browsing session. 730 day _gid 3commas io contains a unique identifier used by google analytics to determine that two distinct hit belong to the same user across browsing session. 1 day _gid tradingview com contains a unique identifier used by google analytics to determine that two distinct hit belong to the same user across browsing session. 1 day _gat_ua 106216314 1 3commas io used by google analytics to throttle the number of request received by user 1 hour _gat 3commas io used by google analytics to throttle request rate limit the collection of data on high traffic site 1 hour yandexuid 3commas io register data on visitor website behavior. this is used for internal analysis and website optimization. 365 day yuidss yandex ru collect information on visitor behavior on multiple website. this information is used on the website in order to optimize the relevance of the advertisement. 365 day yabs sid yandex ru register data on visitor website behaviour. this is used for internal analysis and website optimization. session i mc yandex ru used for identifying site user. 3650 day ymex yandex ru register data on visitor website behaviour. this is used for internal analysis and website optimization. 365 day _ym_visorc yandex ru allows session replay to function correctly 1 hour ysc 3commas io this cookie is set by the youtube video service on page with youtube embedded video to track view. session _koko_analytics_pages_viewed youtube com worldpress analytics cookie 6 hour _gat_gtag_ua_29998092_1 3commas io google analytics cookie to throttle the request rate. 1 hour amplitude_id_e417d01 727c9c7595d73037cdc a2b3433commas io tradingview com these cooky are set by amplitude analytics which help to better understand how our website is used. 3650 day marketing cooky marketing cooky are placed on your computer by advertiser and ad server in order to display advertisement that are most likely to be of interest to you. these cooky allow advertiser and ad server to gather information about your visit to the site and other website alternate the ad sent to a specific computer and track how often an ad ha been viewed and by whom namehostnameexpiry__adroll d adroll com these cooky enable u to identify your device when you move between different digital property so that we can serve targeted advertising to you 395 day __adroll_shared adroll com 395 day _fbp 3commas io facebook pixel is advertising first party cooky. used by facebook to track visit across website to deliver a series of advertisement product such a real time bidding from third party advertiser. 90 day ide doubleclick net used by google s doubleclick to serve targeted advertisement that are relevant to user across the web. targeted advertisement may be displayed to user based on previous visit to a website. these cooky measure the conversion rate of ad presented to the user. 390 day controlling cooky where you have consented to our use of cooky through the consent banner apart from necessary cooky you agree to our use of cooky a per this policy. you may at any time change or withdraw your cookie consent by clicking a shield icon on our website which open the cookie consent banner. most browser provide way to control cookie behavior such a the time they are stored â either through built in functionality or by utilizing third party plugins. if you would prefer to opt out of cooky you should be aware that you might lose some feature and functionality of the website. cooky including those which have already been set can be deleted from your device. you can also change the preference in your web browser to control cooky. some internet browser have a â do not trackâ or â dntâ setting this sends a signal to website asking them not to track your browsing. for more information on how to control cooky check your browser or deviceâ s setting for how you can control or reject cooky or visit the following link firefox chrome safari microsoft edge internet explorer contact u we may update this notice from time to time. if we make significant change we will let you know but we ask you to check this notice regularly to ensure you are aware of the most updated version. if you have any question about our use of cooky you can find the most relevant contact detail in our privacy notice. this cookie notice wa last updated on february 16 2022 platform feature dca bot smart trade grid bot option bot hodl bot tradingview trading terminal crypto signal exchange system status wallet trading bot binance bittrex bitstamp bitfinex bitmex coinbase okx kucoin huobi bybit deribit kraken ripple ethereum crypto com dogecoin for developer 3commas apps apps chat api git api chat legal information term of use privacy policy complaint procedure cookie policy refund policy partnership agreement term of referral bug bounty api term of use for developer wallet term of use wallet privacy policy term of use for marketplace signaller company about u career partnership 3commas amp. binance blog knowledge base faq review plan for enterprise business partner price chart sitemap security get our weekly digest subscribetry againâ 2022telegramfacebooktwitterdiscordyoutubevisamastercardbitcoinlogopaypalappstoregoogleplay